16th China (Shenzhen) International Cultural Industries Fair kicks off online - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; 16th China (Shenzhen) International Cultural Industries Fair kicks off online By Lv Shaogang ( People's Daily ) 10:08, November 19, 2020 Performers dance at the 15th China (Shenzhen) International Cultural Industries Fair, May 16, 2019. (People's Daily Online/He Wuchang) The 16th China (Shenzhen) International Cultural Industries Fair (ICIF) kicked off online on Nov. 16. The five-day event was for the first time presented on the internet through 5G, livestream and virtual reality (VR) technologies. The 1st ICIF, which opened in 2004, had only one sub-venue and attracted over 700 exhibitors and 477,000 visitors, while last year, the event established 66 sub-venues which were joined by 2,312 global exhibitors and 7.8 million visitors. It has grown into the largest, highest-level, and most effective and influential expo in China's cultural industry after 15 years of development. Dafen village, known for its oil paintings, was the only sub-venue of the 1st ICIF. Its story about the ICIF is a miniature of how the event has been driving the development of the cultural industry. The village, serving as a bridge between art and the market that translates talents into fortune, has benefited a lot from the sessions of the ICIF. According to incomplete figures, the village earned 80 million yuan ($12.2 million) by selling oil paintings in 2003, and the revenue soared to 140 million yuan after the first ICIF was held and 279 million yuan in 2005. Today, the small village that covers only 0.4 square kilometer is home to over 1,200 galleries and shops, housing nearly 10,000 practitioners in the oil painting industry. Its output in 2018 hit 4.55 billion yuan, making it the largest production and trading base of oil paintings in China. Over the past 15 years, the transaction volume of the ICIF rose from 35.69 billion yuan to nearly 250 billion yuan. This year, the event has collected 21,572 exhibits, and is joined by 3,243 enterprises and organizations, 931 more than those in the previous year. The ICIF has also been promoting Chinese culture overseas and introducing foreign cultures to China. It has not only brought cultural products from the world to China, but also forcefully advanced the communication, dialogue and cooperation in the cultural industry among different countries and regions. Through the event, an acrobatics troupe from Zunyi, southwest China's Guizhou province, has taken their shows to the globe, and Huangmei cross-stitch, a national-level intangible cultural heritage of China, has also been introduced to the world. According to statistics, the export value at the 1st ICIF stood at zero, but the figure rose to over 18 billion yuan. A total of 3,012 foreigners joined the second ICIF, while last year the event received 22,167 visitors from overseas. 【1】 【2】 【3】 (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Hongyu, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos CIIE showcases cultural items from around the world Scenery of Meili Snow Mountains at sunrise in Yunnan Dajue Mountain Scenic Area, popular spot for fine art majors Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online