2,000-yr-old barn discovered in Inner Mongolia - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Monday, Nov 9, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; 2,000-yr-old barn discovered in Inner Mongolia ( Xinhua ) 17:31, November 09, 2020 HOHHOT, Nov. 9 (Xinhua) -- Archaeologists have discovered an elevated deck believed to be the foundations of a barn dating back 2,000 years in north China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. The 170-meter-long and 21-meter-wide structure is located in the ruins of a border town of the Western Han Dynasty (206 BC-25 AD), spanning 110,000 square meters in Yuquan District, regional capital Hohhot. The excavation is a joint effort of the regional research institute for cultural relics and archaeology and Sun Yat-sen University. A total of 16 grooves were found beneath the building floor, a structure built for ventilation and preventing humidity, said Liu Yang, head of the excavation team, adding that bug and moisture-proof pinewood was used to build the walls. Cellars, which are believed to contain grains, have been unearthed from the spot where millets were found. Experts have also excavated some earthen pots with the characters "wan dan," which mean abundant grains, imprinted at the bottom. Jin Zhiwei, a research team member from the Sun Yat-Sen University, said it was the first suspected barn excavated in a border town of the Western Han Dynasty, which provides visual materials for the study of the granary architecture as well as the layout and the connotation of a border town at that time. The discovery is of great significance for the study of China's ancient architectural technology, the military strategic deployment by the central government to the areas along the Great Wall in the northern region, and the agricultural economy in north China during the Han Dynasty. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Cultural and tourism trade fair opens in Yiwu Shanghai hosts art exhibition on Silk Road CIIE serves as platform for cultural communication Painting exhibition featuring China's natural beauty kicks off in Egypt's Opera House Bodiless lacquerware museum opens in Fuzhou We Recommend In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Rapid change of Shenzhen documented by correspondent with photos In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Drone light display held as part of Changchun Int'l UAV Industrial Expo Most Read 1 Uganda launches Chinese-constructed road linking Kenya0 2 China’s 14th Five-Year Plan a far-sighted approach focusing… 3 2020 “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest for Interna… 4 Xi expounds on CPC proposals for China's new development pl… 5 Vlog: Emily's bite of CIIE Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online