2020 Oracle Bone Inscriptions Cup “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest successfully concludes - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; 2020 Oracle Bone Inscriptions Cup “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest successfully concludes ( People's Daily Online ) 15:31, November 18, 2020 The final of the 2020 Oracle Bone Inscriptions Cup “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest for International Students concluded on Nov. 17. (People's Daily Online/Weng Qiyu） On Nov. 17, the final of the 2020 Oracle Bone Inscriptions Cup “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest for International Students, hosted by the Chinese People’s Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries, organized by People’s Daily Online and supported by the Henan Provincial People’s Government, successfully concluded in Zhengzhou, central China’s Henan Province. The Chinese People’s Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries Vice President, Hu Sishe, Chief Counsel at the Foreign Affairs Office of Henan Provincial People’s Government, Li Zhen, and other guests attended the event. A professor at the Minzu University of China, Meng Man, the popular researcher of Chinese characters Richard Sears, also known as “Uncle Chinese Characters”, together with other experts, were invited to be the judges. Hu Sishe, Vice President of the Chinese People’s Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries (People's Daily Online/Weng Qiyu） Hu Sishe said that the Chinese character is the carrier of Chinese culture. As “harmony” has always been a highly valued virtue in Chinese civilization, the concepts of “harmony between man and nature” and “harmony in diversity”, being the cultural genes of the Chinese nation, are deeply rooted in the hearts of every Chinese. The contest, with “harmony and coexistence” as its theme, aims to help contestants better understand China’s traditional culture and values, he added. Mankind has become more closely interconnected amid the current COVID-19 pandemic, and only through solidarity and cooperation can countries overcome the virus, Hu said, calling upon people of all countries to adopt the concept of “harmony” and let go of disputes and prejudices in order to create a peaceful, tranquil, prosperous and beautiful world. Kenne Michel Olivier from Cameroon emerged as the eventual winner. (People's Daily Online/Weng Qiyu） In the finals, ten finalists from South Korea, Cambodia, the Czech Republic, Tajikistan, Nigeria and other countries spoke of their bonds with Chinese characters and shared their understanding of the traditional Chinese values of “harmony and coexistence”. Kenne Michel Olivier from Cameroon emerged as the eventual winner. Under the theme of “harmony and coexistence”, an idea that Chinese civilization has emphasized for thousands of years, the event attracted international students in China, foreigners working in China, and non-native Chinese speakers after it was launched online on Oct. 16, 2020. By assessing the contestants’ Chinese language expression and cross-cultural communication ability, the contest aims to help foreigners better understand the profound nature of Chinese characters, the Chinese values of “harmony and coexistence”, as well as the concept of “a community with a shared future for mankind”. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos CIIE showcases cultural items from around the world Scenery of Meili Snow Mountains at sunrise in Yunnan Dajue Mountain Scenic Area, popular spot for fine art majors Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Related reading Finals of 2020 Oracle Bone Inscriptions Cup “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest to be held on Nov. 17 30 contestants through to second round of 2020 “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest for International Students Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online