21 more U.S. soldiers, civilians in S. Korea test positive for COVID-19 - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 11, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; 21 more U.S. soldiers, civilians in S. Korea test positive for COVID-19 ( Xinhua ) 13:22, November 11, 2020 SEOUL, Nov. 11 (Xinhua) -- Sixteen more U.S. soldiers and five other individuals in South Korea tested positive for COVID-19, the U.S. Forces Korea (USFK) has said. The USFK said in a statement Tuesday that 21 USFK-affiliated individuals were confirmed with COVID-19 after arriving in South Korea between Oct. 23 and Nov. 8. Sixteen service members arrived at Osan Air Base on U.S. government-chartered flights from the United States on Nov. 3, 4, 5 and 8. The Osan Air Base is located in Pyeongtaek, 70 km south of Seoul. Four dependents and one contractor arrived at Incheon International Airport, west of Seoul, on international commercial flights on Oct. 23, 28 and Nov. 6. The confirmed patients have been transferred to designated isolation facilities at Camp Humphreys and Osan Air Base, both of which are located in Pyeongtaek. The total number of infections among the USFK-affiliated personnel rose to 319, according to Yonhap news agency. Worry remained here over the virus spread. South Korea reported 146 more cases of the COVID-19 as of midnight Tuesday local time, raising the total number of infections to 27,050. The daily caseload stayed above 100 for four straight days due to small cluster infections in the Seoul metropolitan area. "Despite the recent confirmed cases, USFK remains at a high level of readiness with less than 1 percent of its active-duty service members currently confirmed positive with COVID-19," the USFK said. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading S.Korea to launch 2nd homegrown 3,000-ton submarine Scenery of Naejangsan National Park in Jeongeup City of South Korea S.Korea's top presidential security adviser holds virtual talks with U.S., Japanese counterparts 10 more U.S. soldiers, civilians in S.Korea test positive for COVID-19 18 more U.S. soldiers, civilians in S. Korea test positive for COVID-19 We Recommend In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Rapid change of Shenzhen documented by correspondent with photos In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Drone light display held as part of Changchun Int'l UAV Industrial Expo Most Read 1 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 2 2020 “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest for Interna… 3 Xi expounds on CPC proposals for China's new development pl… 4 Vlog: Emily's bite of CIIE 5 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online