30 years on, China's Pudong embarks on new journey under Xi's leadership - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Friday, Nov 13, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; 30 years on, China's Pudong embarks on new journey under Xi's leadership ( Xinhua ) 08:16, November 13, 2020 SHANGHAI, Nov. 12 (Xinhua) -- Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday called for new roles and new missions for Shanghai's Pudong as the country celebrates the 30th anniversary of the area's development and opening-up. Xi, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, delivered an important speech at a grand gathering in Shanghai. Efforts should go into making Pudong a pioneer of reform and opening-up at a higher level, and a vanguard in fully building a modern socialist country, Xi said. Pudong should also strive to become an example that highlights the Chinese people's confidence in the path, theory, system, and culture of socialism with Chinese characteristics, he said. Aerial panoramic photo taken on Oct. 25, 2020 shows a view of the Lin-gang Special Area of Pudong New Area in Shanghai, east China. (Xinhua/Fang Zhe) DEVELOPMENT VANGUARD When China announced the strategic decision to develop and open up Pudong in 1990, the area consisted of farmland and was considered far less-developed compared with its neighbor across the Huangpu River, Puxi. "A single bed in Puxi is preferable to a room in Pudong." This was a popular saying in Shanghai back then. Within 30 years, Pudong has become one of the country's most prosperous districts, with its regional GDP surging by more than 210 times since 1990. The area is now home to over 1,000 financial institutions, over 300 regional headquarters of multinationals, and more than 240 foreign-invested research and development centers. "The achievements of Pudong over the past 30 years offer the most telling evidence of the strength of the system of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and are a vivid demonstration of the country's reform, opening-up, and socialist modernization," Xi said at the gathering. The significance of Pudong's development and opening-up went beyond its own prosperity. Over the years, the area has turned into a destination for policymakers to pilot policies that were later tried out across the country. Photo taken on Nov. 11, 2020 shows a view of the China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone at Pudong New Area in Shanghai, east China. (Xinhua/Fang Zhe) China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone (FTZ), the first pilot FTZ in the country, was established in Pudong in 2013. Some 120 institutional innovations rolled out there have been replicated and promoted nationwide ever since. The role of Pudong as the testing ground for institutional innovations was further exemplified as the country launched the new Lingang area of the Shanghai pilot FTZ last year. Located largely in Pudong, the new Lingang area saw industrial investments surge by 52.2 percent year on year in the first three quarters this year despite external headwinds. Aerial photo taken on July 3, 2020 shows the testing vehicles at Shanghai Lin-gang Autonomous and Informationalized Vehicle Integrative Testing and Demonstration Zone at Pudong New Area in Shanghai, east China. (Xinhua/Fang Zhe) NEW MISSIONS The coming 30 years, from now to the middle of the 21st century, will be a time for China to build a great modern socialist country, Xi stressed, calling on Pudong to play new roles and accomplish new missions in the new march. All-out efforts should be made to make the innovation engine stronger and explore new horizons of independent innovation, Xi said. He urged the achievement of major innovations in basic science and technology and breakthroughs in key and core technologies. He also called for speeding up the creation of world-class industrial clusters in sectors including integrated circuits, bio-medicine and artificial intelligence. He stressed a coordinated approach in promoting reforms in key areas and links and the creation of a world-class business environment that is market-oriented, law-based and internationalized. Xi also stressed creating new advantages in global cooperation and competition, as well as advancing opening-up, with institutional guarantees in the areas of management, standards, rules and norms. Pudong should give more significance to the role of the Lingang area of the Shanghai pilot FTZ and speed up the joint building of a global shipping hub together with the Yangtze River Delta region, Xi said. Efforts should also go into strengthening the capability of mobilizing global resources and serve the establishment of the new development pattern, and enhance the global influence on mobilizing factors including funds, information, technology, skills and goods, Xi said. Xi urged Pudong to establish an international financial-asset trading platform, develop a higher-level headquarters economy, and build itself into an important hub of global industrial, supply and value chains. The president also called for modernizing urban governance, opening up new prospects for urban construction of, for and by the people, and exploring a megacity development path that reflects Chinese features and the characteristics of the times, while highlighting the advantages of China's socialist system. Noting that Shanghai is the birthplace of the CPC, Xi stressed passing on the traditions of revolution and acting on the party's original aspirations and missions. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 2 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 3 2,000-yr-old barn discovered in Inner Mongolia 4 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 5 Vlog: Emily's bite of CIIE Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Over 4 mln sampled for COVID-19 tests in east China city In pics: full moon seen across world Professional team maintain Shenzhen's nuclear power plant In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Related reading Xi attends celebration of 30th anniversary of Pudong's development, opening-up Xi to attend BRICS summit, APEC economic leaders' meeting and G20 summit via video link Pioneering area of Shanghai thriving with reform, opening-up "One integrated license" to be piloted in Pudong New Area to further spur market vitality Xi's SCO speech highlights necessity of multilateral cooperation, experts say Xi stresses comprehensively raising Peaceful China levels Pic story: store manager witnesses development of Pudong Full Text: Remarks by Chinese President Xi Jinping at 20th meeting of SCO Council of Heads of State Shanghai Pudong New Area witnesses magnificent development in past 30 years Xi offers China's approach for SCO to overcome challenges amid pandemic Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online