Beijing 2022 announces new competition schedule - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Beijing 2022 announces new competition schedule ( Xinhua ) 10:48, November 19, 2020 BEIJING, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- The Beijing 2022 organizers released the seventh edition of the competition schedule for the Olympic Winter Games on Tuesday, with curling mixed doubles the first event to start. The latest version of the schedule was released following approval by the International Olympic Committee, and is still subject to change. The Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games are scheduled to take place from February 4 to 20, 2022. The Games program will include seven sports, 15 disciplines and 109 medal events. Compared with PyeongChang 2018, seven new events have been added to the Beijing 2022 program, namely women's monobob, short track speed skating mixed team relay, ski jumping mixed team, freestyle skiing aerials mixed team, freeski men's big air, freeski women's big air and snowboard cross mixed team. According to the schedule, curling mixed doubles round robin will be the very first event of the Games, beginning on February 2, two days before opening ceremony. High-profile events of ice hockey, curling, figure skating and ice dance will be staged on the opening ceremony day, while the closing ceremony day features finals of men's ice hockey, women's curling, four-man bobsleigh, cross-country skiing women's 30km mass start as well as the figure skating gala exhibition. The events of short track speed skating will have six competition days. Five out of 12 competition sessions are arranged at night for figure skating. With the Big Air Shougang the only snowboarding venue located in the Beijing Zone, with others in the Zhangjiakou Zone, the organizers noted that athletes with simultaneous entries in both Big Air and slopestyle will compete in both zones. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Catriona Le May Doan named Canada's Beijing 2022 Chef de Mission 3 years on, grassroot river chief gives watercourse facelift IOC President Bach "confident" Tokyo Olympics can be held next July with spectators Beijing to upgrade fever clinics to bolster COVID-19 defense Winter heating season starts in Beijing Beijing's 3rd self-driving test zone greenlighted We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online