Beijing turns coal mines into forests to lift urban environment - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Beijing turns coal mines into forests to lift urban environment By Shi Fang ( People's Daily ) 09:20, November 19, 2020 A hillock in Beijing’s Datai coal mine is covered by trees, and so is the rail track beside it. (Photo/Beijing Evening News) On a lot dyed black by coals in western Beijing, workers were waving pickaxes to dig the earth soaked by several rainfalls. “It’s easier for trees to survive if their roots are stretched,” said Han Xiaoguo, 48. Han, a man who had worked in a coal mine for 22 years, has now turned into an adept tree planter. In recent years, Beijing has successively shut down its coal mines, and the last one, Datai coal mine in the west of the city, was closed in September the last year. In May 2017, a total of 11,640 hectares of land that used to belong to mining enterprises were allocated to the Beijing Gardening and Greening Bureau for management and became a tree farm, since which the capital’s mine lot embraced a green path of development. Later, the tree farm was joined by nearly 100 pitmen who used to work for the mining enterprises. It’s not easy to plant trees in lands covered by coal gangue. The workers have to dig a hole with a diameter of approximately 70 to 80 centimeters and a depth of around 50 centimeters, and then backfill it with soil transported from other places before planting a seedling. The irrigation is also a tricky problem on the mountains as there's no vehicular access. Therefore, the workers excavated more than 200 pits on the mountains and filled them with water fetched from 10 kilometers away by trucks. The water is then pumped pit by pit to planting sites at higher elevations. In addition, the seedlings are also transported to planting sites by mules, said worker Yang Shuwei. Yang Wenhua, who used to be a borehole surveyor of the Muchengjian coal mine in Beijing, told People’s Daily that his teeth were the only white part on his body after a surveying down the mine. After three years of working at the tree farm, he and his colleagues have become experts in forest fire prevention, forest tending, and pest control. “The trees have brought fresh air, and we don’t need to worry about the coal ashes in the air anymore,” he said. Over the past three years, the tree farm has nurtured 1,667 hectares of forests, and reduced the area of suitable land for forests under its management from 2,800 hectares to 1,133 hectares. In the future, the tree farm will be built into a national forest park that features rehabilitation, tourism and scientific popularization. It is bound to be a great destination for leisure activities of the citizens. 【1】 【2】 【3】 (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Hongyu, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos CIIE showcases cultural items from around the world Scenery of Meili Snow Mountains at sunrise in Yunnan Dajue Mountain Scenic Area, popular spot for fine art majors Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Related reading 3 years on, grassroot river chief gives watercourse facelift Govt helps more than 14,000 fishermen affected by fishing ban in Yangtze Black-necked cranes hover over Caohai National Nature Reserve in SW China UN chief calls for great leap towards carbon neutrality "Rusted" economic belt in Jiangsu Province takes on new look Snow leopard spotted in SW China Commentary: China's "mother river" Yangtze to lead high-quality development, bring certainty to world Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic Belt 2020 World Intelligent Connected Vehicles Conference kicks off in Beijing China's animal welfare group, e-commerce platforms team up to rescue stray animals Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online