Building community of health for all critical to dealing with COVID-19: Rwandan ambassador - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Tuesday, Oct 20, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Building community of health for all critical to dealing with COVID-19: Rwandan ambassador By Wu Chaolan ( People's Daily Online ) 15:46, October 20, 2020 James Kimonyo, Rwandan ambassador to China, at China's largest vaccine manufacturing enterprise Sinopharm CNBG, in Beijing on Oct.15, 2020. (People's Daily Online/Wu Chaolan) The concept of building a community of health for all is critical, and countries should work together to deal with the COVID-19 pandemic, said James Kimonyo, Rwandan ambassador to China. In a recent interview with People's Daily Online, James commended China's efforts to uphold win-win cooperation for building a community with a shared future for mankind on global issues. "This is not political rhetoric, it's something that is happening," he said, "China is ready to partner with countries across the world to deal with global challenges including COVID-19." He added that China is putting the idea of a community of health for all into practice by supporting other countries amid the pandemic and making the COVID-19 vaccine a global public good." China is leading the way in terms of making this vaccine available to the world," James said in comments on China's decision to join COVAX, noting that this move showed President Xi's commitment to African countries at the Extraordinary China-Africa Summit on Solidarity against COVID-19, ensuring the equitable distribution of vaccines to African countries. Stressing that "strength comes from unity and division creates weaknesses," James called for solidarity, referring to the growing unilateralism amid the COVID-19 pandemic. "No country can succeed or conquer COVID-19 unless we come together. Conducting such behavior [of unilateralism] will doom us to failure," he said. After visiting China's largest vaccine manufacturing enterprise, Sinopharm of the China National Biotec Group (CNBG), James said he was impressed by CNBG's vaccine development capacity and expressed willingness to cooperate with China and CNBG, introducing the vaccine to Rwanda to help the country defeat the coronavirus. "China and Rwanda cooperation during this crisis has been fantastic," he said, "Rwanda was among the first countries to support China when the coronavirus cases were reported. In return, China, as usual, helped Rwanda to fight against the virus by providing PPEs and sharing its professional experience. We have very solid and wonderful cooperation." James spoke highly of the bilateral relationship between China and Rwanda, noting that the two countries have cooperated on a number of programs, contributing to the development of Rwanda. Next year will mark the 50th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties between China and Rwanda. James expressed his hopes for and looked forward to the deepening of China-Rwanda cooperation. "We are all really excited about this," he said. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wu Chaolan, Hongyu) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 Xi stresses advancing development of quantum science and te… 2 U.S. diplomats’ lies damage the country’s reputation 3 Xi inspects southern China's Guangdong Province 4 Baidu's self-driving taxis start passenger services in Beij… 5 American "coercive diplomacy" makes a mess around the globe Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos Over 4 mln sampled for COVID-19 tests in east China city In pics: full moon seen across world Professional team maintain Shenzhen's nuclear power plant In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Rapid change of Shenzhen documented by correspondent with photos Farmers enjoy harvest in N China In historical feat, Tibet eliminates absolute poverty Autumn scenery in Ordos, Inner Mongolia Aerial view of Shenzhen, S China Drone light display held as part of Changchun Int'l UAV Industrial Expo Related reading Cartoons highlight fight against COVID-19 Kazakhstan to cut int'l flights from Oct. 26 Brazil tests tuberculosis vaccine against COVID-19 Chinese mainland reports 19 new COVID-19 cases, all from overseas Chinese technology supports Buenos Aires malls reopening in post-pandemic era Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online