Catriona Le May Doan named Canada's Beijing 2022 Chef de Mission - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Catriona Le May Doan named Canada's Beijing 2022 Chef de Mission ( Xinhua ) 11:24, November 18, 2020 OTTAWA, Nov. 17 (Xinhua) -- The Canadian Olympic Committee (COC) Tuesday announced two-time Olympic champion Catriona Le May Doan as Team Canada's Chef de Mission for the Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games. Le May Doan made four Olympic appearances in long track speed skating, including at Salt Lake City 2002 where she etched her name in the history books as the first Canadian athlete to successfully defend an Olympic gold medal in an individual event. She had been a double medalist four years earlier at Nagano 1998, winning the 500m gold in an Olympic record time to share the podium with silver medalist and teammate Susan Auch before capturing bronze in the 1,000m event. She was given the honor of being Team Canada's flag bearer twice - once at the Nagano 1998 closing ceremony and then at the Salt Lake City 2002 opening ceremony. "My career has been filled with some incredible moments - some from the Olympic Games as an athlete, some as a Mission Team member, and some involving my experience as one of the first torchbearers during the Vancouver 2010 Olympic Torch Relay. Many moments also happened outside the Games period, during my time at training camps and while making memories with my teammates who became some of my closest friends," said Le May Doan. An Officer of the Order of Canada, Le May Doan was inducted into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 2005 and the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame in 2008. She was named the 2002 recipient of the Lou Marsh Award as Canada's Athlete of the Year and earned the Bobbie Rosenfeld Award three times (1998, 2001, 2002) as Canadian Female Athlete of the Year. As Team Canada's Chef de Mission, Le May Doan will act as a spokesperson for the team in the lead up to and during the Olympic Winter Games. She will also act as a mentor and supporter aiming to motivate and inspire athletes on and off the field of play. Beijing is set to become the first city to have hosted both the summer and winter editions of the Olympic Games when it welcomes the world again in February 2022. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Beijing Olympic City Sports and Cultural Festival kicks off Interview: Beijing 2022 to be historic event, says IOC chief Bach Cultural activities held on Great Wall to celebrate Beijing 2022's 500-day countdown Beijing 2022 preparations on track, says Bach Olympic family impressed by Beijing 2022 preparations despite pandemic Beijing 2022 announces shortlist for visual design of uniform equipment In pics: Ice Ribbon, Ice Cube under construction Uniform and Accreditation Center for Beijing 2022 to be delivered in September Construction of medical security center for Beijing 2022 to be accelerated Beijing 2022 holds live-stream interviews to recruit about 60 new employees We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online