CBA Roundup: Liaoning beats Guangzhou, Jiangsu edges Tianjin - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Tuesday, Nov 10, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; CBA Roundup: Liaoning beats Guangzhou, Jiangsu edges Tianjin ( Xinhua ) 13:29, November 10, 2020 Cong Mingchen (L) of Liaoning Flying Leopards claps hands with teammates Zhao Jiwei during the 10th round match between Liaoning Flying Leopards and Guangzhou Loong Lions at the 2020-2021 season of the Chinese Basketball Association (CBA) league in Zhuji, east China's Zhejiang Province, Nov. 9, 2020. (Xinhua/Jiang Han) ZHUJI, China, Nov. 9 (Xinhua) -- The Liaoning Flying Leopards overwhelmed the Guangzhou Loong Lions 117-82, the Zhejiang Lions defeated the Shenzhen Kaisa 106-104 while the Jiangsu Dragons survived a late scare to edge the Tianjin Pioneers 108-105 for their third win of the 2020-21 Chinese Basketball Association(CBA) season here on Monday. Following the win, Liaoning kept hold of the second place in the league's standings, while Guangzhou dropped to 11th. Cong Mingchen scored a game-high 33 points including 10 three-pointers for Liaoning, while O.J. Mayo added 21 points, 10 rebounds and four assists. Liaoning opened up a 7-0 lead and never looked back, thanks to the strong scoring from Mayo and Cong. Guo Shiqiang, former coach of Liaoning, couldn't lead Guangzhou to a comeback. Tianjin had a solid 15-3 start but Jiangsu rounded into form and closed the gap with Sun Xin scoring seven points in a row. The score seesawed before Tianjin entered the break with a slender 53-51 lead. In the second half, the two sides traded punches but Tianjin used the foul strategy well, as Shi made all his free throws to help Jiangsu clinch the win 108-105. Tianjin coach Liu Tie criticized his team's defense, while Shi Deshuai, who contributed 19 points and eight rebounds, attributed the loss to immaturity at crucial moments. Zhejiang rallied from the first half deficit to overtake the tide and edge Shenzhen for its 10-game wining streak. 【1】 【2】 【3】 【4】 【5】 【6】 【7】 【8】 【9】 (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 2020 “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest for Interna… 2 Xi expounds on CPC proposals for China's new development pl… 3 Vlog: Emily's bite of CIIE 4 Xi stresses building high-quality Sichuan-Tibet Railway 5 A glance at drafting process of CPC proposals for China's n… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Over 4 mln sampled for COVID-19 tests in east China city In pics: full moon seen across world Professional team maintain Shenzhen's nuclear power plant In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Related reading Longzhen train depot of Guangzhou Metro Line 18 under construction CBA: Beijing Royal Fighters vs. Xinjiang Flying Tigers CBA: Beijing Ducks vs. Sichuan Blue Whales Zhou Qi injured, Liaoning rally past Xinjiang to extend perfect record in CBA Guangdong Southern Tigers beat Beijing Ducks in CBA Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online