Certifications for mainland students in HK, Macao, Taiwan to be canceled from 2021: ministry - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Certifications for mainland students in HK, Macao, Taiwan to be canceled from 2021: ministry ( Xinhua ) 09:39, November 19, 2020 BEIJING, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- Certifications of mainland students studying in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR), Macao SAR and Taiwan will be canceled starting 2021 to facilitate their work and life in the mainland, the Ministry of Education announced Wednesday. The liaison offices of the central people's government in the Hong Kong SAR and Macao SAR as well as the cross-Strait enrollment service center will provide corresponding services according to the wishes of the students if applications are submitted by Dec. 31, 2020, the ministry said. The certification will continue to be valid for students whose applications have been accepted but the certifications are issued later than Jan. 1, 2021, the ministry noted. After the certifications are scrapped, relevant departments and units can verify students' information through documents such as admission letters, degree certificates and diplomas issued by universities and colleges in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, the ministry added. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Main structure of Hong Kong Palace Museum building completed Pic story: principal of school trains hundreds of wrestlers Xi urges support for retirees in caring for next generations Three ex-lawmakers in Hong Kong arrested over disturbing LegCo order Macao's 2021 policy address focuses on anti-pandemic, economy recovery We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online