Chinese wisdom contributes to construction of community with shared future: Lin Songtian - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Chinese wisdom contributes to construction of community with shared future: Lin Songtian ( People's Daily Online ) 17:19, November 18, 2020 China has always stressed that harmony, peace and friendship should be advocated between various countries and their peoples, and a community with a shared future for mankind should be built, according to Lin Songtian, president of the Chinese People's Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries. People's Daily Online's exclusive interview with Lin Songtian, president of the Chinese People's Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries. (People's Daily Online/ He Zhuoyan) "Chinese people have always advocated harmony, rapprochement and peace. We are all kind to others and are willing to make friends with people from all over the world, so we have friends all over the world," said Lin Songtian. Lin also pointed out that "since the beginning of this year, China has taken the lead in conquering the epidemic, restoring production and life as well as the order of social production and life, and taken the lead in achieving positive economic growth. Any student who studies Chinese and pays close attention to China can see the completely different approaches between China and other countries in dealing with the epidemic." Lin Songtian, president of the Chinese People's Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries. (People's Daily Online/ He Zhuoyan) Lin added that since the COVID-19 outbreak, Chinese people have worked together to overcome difficulties, and brought the epidemic under control in the shortest possible time, from which we can see the role played by China's concept of harmony, peace, cooperation and development. In contrast, COVID-19 continues to rage in some Western countries, and the fundamental reason is the lack of the concept of “harmony", which has made it difficult to effectively control the epidemic. "Students from all over the world have witnessed China's reality and achievements, China's development and progress, and we hope that they can understand the power and value of Chinese culture," Lin revealed. Lin noted, ”We also hope that these students can bring in advanced culture and become messengers of exchanges between different civilizations and cultures, so that we can value each other’s cultures, strengthen exchange and mutual learning and achieve common prosperity." (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Hongyu, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos CIIE showcases cultural items from around the world Scenery of Meili Snow Mountains at sunrise in Yunnan Dajue Mountain Scenic Area, popular spot for fine art majors Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Related reading Interview: China demonstrates people-centered philosophy in anti-pandemic fight, says Serbian official Commissioner's office of Chinese foreign ministry in HKSAR urges U.S. politicians to stop interfering in China's internal affairs Commentary: Washington's futile attempt on South China Sea Experts say China being "well on track" for economic recovery from pandemic shock China donates medical supplies to Ugandan hospital in fight against COVID-19 Full coverage We Are China (MP) Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online