China's largest land port sees record number of China-Europe freight trains - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China's largest land port sees record number of China-Europe freight trains ( Xinhua ) 14:55, November 18, 2020 HOHHOT, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- The number of China-Europe freight trains inbound and outbound via Manzhouli, China's largest land port, has surpassed 3,000 so far this year, a record high despite the impact of COVID-19, railway authorities said Wednesday. A total of 3,073 trains passed through Manzhouli, an important channel for international cargo in north China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, between Jan. 1 and Nov. 17, marking a yearly increase of 30.3 percent, according to the Manzhouli Station under China Railway Harbin Group. In breakdown, the port handled 1,493 inbound trains, an increase of 49.1 percent year on year, carrying imported goods including timber, auto parts, cereals and mechanical equipment. The number of outbound trains loading goods such as electronics and garments also rose by 16.4 percent to 1,580. "On average, we handled over 100 more containers per day than last year," said Cui Tianliang, vice director of the freight workshop of Manzhouli Station. Officials said that compared with sea and air transportation, China-Europe freight trains have been less affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, making it a preferred choice for traders to transport large quantities of goods and cross-border e-commerce parcels. Currently, there are 52 lines for China-Europe freight trains that go through Manzhouli toward 13 European countries including the Netherlands, Germany and Poland. Enditem (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Liang Jun, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online