Chinese cities lifts civilization construction, ushers in better life for people - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Chinese cities lifts civilization construction, ushers in better life for people By Zhang He ( People's Daily ) 09:06, November 19, 2020 A boat sails around Kulangsu, a well-known tourism destination in Xiamen, southeast China’s Fujian province, Oct. 8. (People’s Daily Online/Zhou Daoxian) Nanchang-Shenzhen Agricultural Product Wholesale Market is the largest trading center for farm produce in Nanchang, east China's Jiangxi province. Every day there are fruits and vegetables from across the country gathering at the market and then being distributed to other parts of Jiangxi and surrounding provinces. However, after more than 10 years of operation, the market was troubled by poor sanitation, as well as jammed traffic due to aging facilities and improper management. Thanks to a facelift project carried out this year, the market has taken on a new look. Now, it has flat roads, brand new walls with colorful paintings, as well clean shops. “I had a pair of rubber boots on my car and I always put it on once I arrived at the market. When it was sunny, the ground of the market was filthy, and when it rained, there would be puddles,” said a dealer at the market. According to him, now the market is tiled, and channels have been dug to improve the drainage. “My boots are useless, even when it rains heavily,” he told People’s Daily. Besides, the market also improved its parking facility, and the dealers finally bid a farewell to the days when they had to lose orders because big trucks were not able to enter the market. “My revenue more than doubled thanks to the smooth traffic at the market,” said dealer Hong Xiangyan. Traffic is an indicator for a city's civilization. Many cities in China has largely improved their traffic conditions when striving to improve their level of civilization, the result of which is very satisfactory for many citizens. "Hangzhou is a city where drivers give way to pedestrians." That's an impression left to many visitors by the city in east China's Zhejiang province. They found that all vehicles, including buses, taxis, and private cars, would wait before crosswalks and let pedestrians go first. The city was recently hailed for its innovative practice of establishing free "filial" parking spots that encourage weekend parent visits. Inefficient parking space is a headache that has long troubled the city, and even a barrier for young people to visit their parents, as finding parking spots in residential areas was always extremely difficult. Hangzhou established 2,145 such parking spots in over 400 residential complexes last year, and those who come to visit their parents at weekends can enjoy free parking for hours. Only when all citizens make joint efforts, can cities improve their civilization. Xiamen of southeast China's Fujian province launched a public platform to monitor the city's sanitation, traffic and public facilities, to which citizens can send pictures of the problems they spotted in these fields. Since August this year, over 1,900 cases were reported to the platform and then solved, and the life quality of people in the city has been substantially improved. Jinan, capital of east China’s Shandong province also launched similar platforms, as well as a civil service hotline. On an online monitoring platform opened on social media application WeChat, 24-hour monitoring is carried out to spot problems quickly and immediately solve them. As China quickens its steps to improve cities' civilization, it is ushering in a better life for its citizens. 【1】 【2】 【3】 (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Hongyu, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos CIIE showcases cultural items from around the world Scenery of Meili Snow Mountains at sunrise in Yunnan Dajue Mountain Scenic Area, popular spot for fine art majors Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online