China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, aim to win future wars for PLA: reports - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Friday, Nov 13, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, aim to win future wars for PLA: reports ( Global Times ) 16:15, November 13, 2020 A modified unmanned variant of the Dongfeng Mengshi off-road assault vehicle runs in a wild field. Photo: Screenshot from China Central Television Scientists at a Chinese military university have in the past few years been focusing on developing unmanned combat systems intended to win future wars, and their efforts are beginning to bear fruit. Recent reports show multiple types of unmanned equipment, including an amphibious combat platform and a combat vehicle with a new design concept, that are about to enter military service. Since 2013, the technological innovation team for unmanned combat systems at the National University of Defense Technology (NUDT) has been making independent innovations involving frontier technologies in unmanned warfare, and it has developed many types of unmanned combat equipment, which will lay the technical foundations for Chinese troops to win future wars, China National Radio (CNR) reported on Wednesday. One of the projects, an unmanned amphibious platform, won a competitive tender by the equipment department of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) Army, CNR reported. A photo attached to the report shows a prototype of the amphibious platform in the water. The boat-sized platform seems to be sailing at a high speed. It has already passed delivery inspections of its parameters on the water, according to the CNR report. Another project, dubbed a "combat vehicle with a new design concept," is also ready for delivery inspections, the report said. During the initial phase of the project, the head of the NUDT team conducted surveys of more than a dozen military units to learn the troops' needs for an unmanned combat vehicle, and eventually decided to build one for multiple purposes including obstacle-clearing and reconnaissance, CNR reported. In recent years, the NUDT team also developed the "Desert Wolf" series of unmanned ground vehicles, which run on caterpillar tracks, are equipped with remotely controlled weapon stations, and can transport goods and injured soldiers. The team also modified the Dongfeng Mengshi off-road assault vehicle -- a type of vehicle widely used by the PLA -- into unmanned variants, according to the report. While aerial drones have reshaped modern warfare, unmanned weapons on the ground, as well as on the surface of the water and below it, have yet to garner concentrated public attention, but they are also expected to change how battles are fought, a Beijing-based military expert who asked for anonymity told the Global Times on Thursday. China needs to develop and commission unmanned equipment in all realms, the expert said. In a recent large-scale joint amphibious landing drill off the Chinese mainland's southeastern coast amid increasingly rampant Taiwan secessionist moves, the PLA deployed multiple types of unmanned equipment including aerial reconnaissance drones, unmanned obstacle-breaking ships, and unmanned ground vehicles for both attack and transport purposes, according to a China Central Television report in October. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading PLA actions "stern response" to DPP's attempts to seek "Taiwan independence": spokesperson PLA capable of, determined in safeguarding national sovereignty, territorial integrity: spokesperson Air force brigade holds ferry flight training PLA warns US to stop stirring up trouble in Taiwan Straits Helicopters patrol over mountainous region PLA border troops given ready-to-assemble thermal shelters amid standoff with India PLA garrison in Macao holds flag-raising ceremony to celebrate 71st anniv. of founding of PRC PLA's Tibet military command conducts live-fire drills PLA 'takes countermeasures' after shots fired at China-India border China slams Esper's article against PLA We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 2 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 3 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 4 2,000-yr-old barn discovered in Inner Mongolia 5 Vlog: Emily's bite of CIIE Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online