China enhances cooperation with B&amp;R countries despite COVID-19 - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China enhances cooperation with B&amp;R countries despite COVID-19 ( Xinhua ) 09:57, November 18, 2020 Aerial photo shows Qinzhou Port in south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. /Xinhua BEIJING, Nov. 17 (Xinhua) -- China has seen resilient cooperation with the Belt and Road (B&amp;R) countries facing the impact of COVID-19, the country's top economic planner said on Tuesday. China has signed 201 B&amp;R cooperation documents with 138 countries and 31 international organizations, Meng Wei, a spokesperson for the National Development and Reform Commission, told a press conference. In the first three quarters of the year, China's trade with B&amp;R countries totaled about 963.42 billion U.S. dollars, and its non-financial direct investment in these countries surged by 29.7 percent year on year to reach 13.02 billion dollars, Meng said. The China-Europe freight rail service network bucked up, with a total of 10,180 trips made as of November 5, said Meng, adding that nearly 8 million parcels of medical supplies have been delivered via the China-Europe freight trains this year. Major B&amp;R projects, including the China-Laos railway, China-Thailand railway, Jakarta-Bandung High-Speed Railway, and Hungary-Serbia railway are making positive headway, Meng said. Since the outbreak of the pandemic, China has played its role as the world's largest supplier of anti-pandemic goods, providing over 280 batches of emergency materials to more than 150 countries and international organizations, Meng added. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos CIIE showcases cultural items from around the world Scenery of Meili Snow Mountains at sunrise in Yunnan Dajue Mountain Scenic Area, popular spot for fine art majors Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Related reading Hong Kong to tighten testing, isolation arrangements for inbound consular, diplomatic officers Chinese mainland reports 1 new locally transmitted COVID-19 case I witnessed first-hand what China is doing to curb COVID-19 ADB allocates over 20 mln USD to help developing members access COVID-19 vaccines Chinese mainland reports no new locally transmitted COVID-19 cases China's Xinjiang reports no new COVID-19 cases for 9 days Brazil's death toll from COVID-19 tops 166,000 China develops labor-saving machine for throat swab sampling COVID-19 crisis drives digitalization of German companies: Bitkom U.S. practices threaten global health security Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online