China adopts law to strengthen support for veterans - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 12, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China adopts law to strengthen support for veterans ( Xinhua ) 09:42, November 12, 2020 BEIJING, Nov. 11 (Xinhua) -- China's top legislature on Wednesday adopted a new law to strengthen protection over the legitimate rights of veterans. Lawmakers approved the law on support for veterans at the 23rd session of the Standing Committee of the 13th National People's Congress (NPC), which concluded Wednesday. The law stipulates that it is the common responsibility of the whole society to respect and care for demobilized military personnel, and the veterans can enjoy the benefits of preferential financing policies such as discount interest on loans if they start small or micro businesses. The law required establishing a national mechanism to ensure special preferential treatment to veterans who participated in wars. The law also has provisions on the different settlement measures for demobilized military officers, non-commissioned officers, and soldiers. The law will take effect on Jan. 1, 2021. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Commentary: Hong Kong must be governed by patriots Liaison office of central gov't in HKSAR solemnly condemns opposition lawmakers' resignation en masse Chinese, U.S. militaries discuss humanitarian assistance, disaster relief Patriots governing Hong Kong a political rule to be firmly guarded: liaison office China issues plan to streamline administration, improve business environment We Recommend In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Rapid change of Shenzhen documented by correspondent with photos In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Drone light display held as part of Changchun Int'l UAV Industrial Expo Most Read 1 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 2 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 3 Vlog: Emily's bite of CIIE 4 2,000-yr-old barn discovered in Inner Mongolia 5 Xi stresses building high-quality Sichuan-Tibet Railway Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online