China-Africa media forum held in Kenya amid call for enhanced cooperation - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China-Africa media forum held in Kenya amid call for enhanced cooperation ( Xinhua ) 09:43, November 18, 2020 NAIROBI, Nov. 17 (Xinhua) -- China-Africa media cooperation summit was held on Tuesday in Nairobi amid calls for robust exchanges to realize the benefits of the Fourth Industrial Revolution. Senior government officials, representatives from media organizations and academies of China and African countries participated in the one-day forum co-hosted by the Chinese embassy in Kenya and the Media Council of Kenya, under the theme China-Africa media cooperation in a digital era. "The Fourth Industrial Revolution, characterized by the digital technologies among others, has ushered in a new era for both China and Africa," said Zhou Pingjian, Chinese Ambassador to Kenya. "We hope that the media could play an even more significant role in fostering an enabling environment for African industrialization and China-Africa cooperation," he added. Maureen Mbaka, chief administrative secretary, Ministry of Information, Communication Technology (ICT) said that Kenya is committed to robust cooperation with China in the media sector in line with its foreign policy. "The opportunity to strengthen cooperation in the media sector and enhance China-Africa cooperation ties perfectly well in our foreign relations policy and thinking," said Mbaka. She said the China-Africa media cooperation forum provided an opportunity to share knowledge and best practices that can promote journalistic practices alongside the creation of digital content that is able to transform livelihoods. "It is our hope that we will forge partnerships that will strengthen ongoing initiatives to digitally grow our media in a mutually beneficial way," said Mbaka. Tian Yuhong, executive secretary, All China Journalists Association said that enhanced interactions and professional exchanges between Chinese and African media entities are key to strengthen bonds of friendship. "The Chinese and African press should strengthen exchanges and dialogues, and share China-Africa cooperation and common development from a more comprehensive, balanced and objective perspective, so as to continuously enhance people-to-people connectivity and friendship between China and Africa," said Tian. He said that Chinese and African media should foster exchanges aimed at promoting convergence in a digital era alongside countering misleading narratives from western media on the COVID-19 pandemic. Maina Muiruri, chairman of the Media Council of Kenya said the high-level China-Africa media cooperation forum was expected to chart a new beginning in exchange of expertise required to enhance the resilience of the media industry amid disruptions linked to the pandemic. "The forum comes at no better time, as it provides the opportunity to look at how the media is remodeling its viability plans in the face of challenges in revenue streams, the safety of staff and coping in the COVID-19 era," said Muiruri. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading China, African countries need to build stronger community with shared future: Chinese FM China aids African women, children in fighting COVID-19: FM spokesperson Digital health tech helps China and Africa fight the COVID-19 pandemic Working together to write a new chapter of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation in the new era China announces countermeasures against U.S. designation of 6 more Chinese media as "foreign missions" African diplomats speak highly of China’s COVID-19 vaccine R&amp;D, expect deepened anti-virus cooperation China never absent in supporting Africa: spokesperson Let China-Africa cooperation shine as example of multilateralism -- Chinese, Senegalese presidents How one Chinese-built railway is igniting economic growth in Africa China-Africa cooperation sets model for int'l win-win cooperation We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 3 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 4 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 5 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online