China to strive for Olympic men's volleyball ticket - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Friday, Oct 30, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China to strive for Olympic men's volleyball ticket ( Xinhua ) 14:37, October 30, 2020 ZHANGZHOU, China, Oct. 30 (Xinhua) -- China's national men's volleyball team will aim to emulate the achievements of their female counterparts and qualify for the 2024 Paris Olympic Games, according to newly-appointed coach Wu Sheng. In an interview with Xinhua, Wu, who vows to reshape the men's team, revealed his plan. Reviewing this year's Chinese Men's Volleyball Championship, which concluded on Wednesday, Wu said he was confident about his new team. "Our players worked hard in every game and showed their strength." "Firstly, the players must learn the spirit of the Chinese women's volleyball team," added Wu, who coached Zhejiang's provincial women's team for seven years, taking one national title and finishing runners-up twice. "Chinese women are remarkably tenacious. Their never-say-die spirit is worth learning and emulating," he noted. Looking ahead, the 53-year-old is clear about his team's strengths and weaknesses. "We should focus more on building up our physical strength and endurance." "Then, the team will focus on training basic skills and techniques, and promote greater teamwork," he said. "Experienced players will mainly focus on increasing their physical capacity and the younger players will build up their basics. I'm looking forward to seeing more players with potential standing out. "Our major goal is to qualify for the 2024 Paris Olympics," he said, adding that the team will first do their best to win a title at the 2022 Asian Games in Hangzhou. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading More provincial anti-doping agencies established in China Spanish league match: RCD Espanyol vs. SD Ponferradina UEFA Champions League: Atletico Madrid vs. RB Salzburg China's Zhou reaches third stage at Snooker Championship League Highlights of CBA 5th round match We Recommend In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Rapid change of Shenzhen documented by correspondent with photos In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Drone light display held as part of Changchun Int'l UAV Industrial Expo Most Read 1 City of entrepreneurs: Wenzhou, centre of China’s private e… 2 U.S. president's comments about Ethiopia's grand dam ignite… 3 14th Five-Year Plan showcases democratic policy-making 4 China's Tibet eradicates absolute poverty 5 To vigorously carry forward the great spirit of the War to … Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online