Chinese premier raises four proposals to progress ties with ASEAN - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Friday, Nov 13, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Chinese premier raises four proposals to progress ties with ASEAN ( Xinhua ) 08:39, November 13, 2020 Chinese Premier Li Keqiang attends the 23rd China-ASEAN leaders' meeting, which is held via video link, at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, capital of China, Nov. 12, 2020. (Xinhua/Li Tao) BEIJING, Nov. 12 (Xinhua) -- Chinese Premier Li Keqiang on Thursday raised four proposals to progress cooperation with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) in areas such as public health, economy and trade, digital economy and sustainable development. He made the call in a speech at the 23rd China-ASEAN leaders' meeting, which was held Thursday afternoon via video link. "China will actively consider ASEAN countries' requirements for COVID-19 vaccines and take practical steps to promote the availability and affordability of the vaccine," said Li, expressing the hope that the China-ASEAN public health emergency liaison network will be launched as soon as possible, and the 3rd China-ASEAN health cooperation forum will be held successfully. Noting that ASEAN has become China's largest trading partner, Li proposed the enhancement of regional trade and investment freedom and facilitation, and the joint building of a regional "fast tracks" network. China and ASEAN were among the first to open "fast tracks" and "green lanes" to facilitate flows of people and goods and support economic recovery amid the fight against COVID-19, he said, adding that despite contracting global trade, economic recession and serious disruptions to travel, China-ASEAN two-way trade went up in the first three quarters, while Chinese investment in ASEAN countries surged more than 70 percent year on year. Li said China welcomes the future signing of the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement. He also called on the two sides to synergize development strategies on the development of digital economies and work together to push forward sustainable development. On the issue of the South China Sea, Li said the situation in the South China Sea is, on the whole, stable. Bearing in mind the larger interests, China and ASEAN countries have worked to deepen cooperation, actively manage differences, fully and effectively implement the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea (DOC) and steadily advance the Code of Conduct (COC) consultations. "China remains firmly committed and determined to conclude the COC consultations at an early date," said Li, stressing that China will positively consider convening face-to-face consultations in China, as soon as the COVID-19 situation allows, to advance the second reading of the COC. China calls on all parties to "accelerate the consultations in a flexible and pragmatic way," said Li. Also attending the video meeting were Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc, Thailand's Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, Brunei's Sultan Haji Hassanal Bolkiah, Indonesian President Joko Widodo, Malaysian Prime Minister Muhyiddin Yassin, Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, Lao Prime Minister Thongloun Sisoulith, Cambodian Deputy Prime Minister Aun Pornmoniroth and Myanmar Union Minister for International Cooperation U Kyaw Tin. At the meeting, the Plan of Action to Implement the ASEAN-China Strategic Partnership for Peace and Prosperity (2021-2025) and the Initiative on Building ASEAN-China Partnership on Digital Economy were released. 【1】 【2】 【3】 (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 2 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 3 2,000-yr-old barn discovered in Inner Mongolia 4 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 5 Vlog: Emily's bite of CIIE Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Over 4 mln sampled for COVID-19 tests in east China city In pics: full moon seen across world Professional team maintain Shenzhen's nuclear power plant In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Related reading Malaysia's trade promoting agency signs MoU with China's ICBC to strengthen bilateral trade ASEAN summit kicks off, highlights post-COVID-19 recovery Leaders of ASEAN countries, dialogue partners to meet online with RCEP signing in sight, post-pandemic recovery in focus Chinese premier to attend East Asian leaders' meetings on cooperation Over 80 documents to be signed at ASEAN summit, related meetings: Vietnamese minister Chinese FM meets ASEAN diplomatic envoys 37th ASEAN summit, related meetings scheduled for Nov. 12-15 All-cargo air service links ASEAN, northwest China and Pakistan China-ASEAN trade grows 7.7 pct in Q3 amid COVID-19 pandemic: ambassador Online platform of China-ASEAN Expo launched in south China Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online