China’s self-developed third-generation nuclear power technology Hualong One passes EUR compliance assessment - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China’s self-developed third-generation nuclear power technology Hualong One passes EUR compliance assessment ( People's Daily Online ) 09:45, November 18, 2020 China’s Hualong One technology, a domestically developed third-generation nuclear power reactor design, recently passed the European Utility Requirements (EUR) compliance assessment and received the EUR certificate, workercn.cn reported Tuesday. Photo taken on Sept. 3, 2020 shows a view of the No. 5 nuclear power unit of the Fuqing project in the city of Fuqing, southeast China's Fujian Province. Fuel loading started Friday at China's first nuclear power unit using Hualong One technology, a domestically developed third-generation reactor design, bringing the unit one step closer to operation. (Photo by Zhang Tao/Xinhua) The assessment results indicated that Hualong One has a high degree of compliance with the latest version of the EUR Specification Document, Revision E, and meets the latest European requirements for nuclear power, according to China General Nuclear Power Corporation (CGN), developer of the Hualong One reactor design. The EUR Specification Document includes more than 5,000 items related to the conditions required for safe and efficient operation of nuclear power plants, with the items covering various aspects such as safety, performance, systems and equipment, plant layout, instrument control, operation and maintenance, environmental protection, and decommissioning, according to a credible source. CGN comprehensively initiated the EUR compliance assessment in August 2017, and the whole process involved 11 members of the EUR Organization. The EUR Organization was formed by 14 large European power companies from countries including France, the Czech Republic, Finland, the U.K. and Germany. The organization is committed to the development of common requirement specifications for new designs wishing to enter the European nuclear power market, organizes EUR compliance assessment and certification for potential nuclear power technologies for the European market, and conducts overall technical checks for European nuclear power project owners. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Hongyu, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading China's self-developed nuclear design enters 3rd-stage UK assessment Dome using Hualong One technology installed in south China First Hualong One reactor unit gets its dome Chinese premier stresses quality, safety for Hualong One nuclear project China completes construction of first Hualong One nuclear project China's first Hualong One nuclear project taking shape China releases its first domestically developed nuclear power plant design software China-designed nuclear power technology 'Hualong One' takes roots overseas Chinese nuclear power technologies heading abroad We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online