China delivers remarkable performance in commercial 5G services - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Sunday, Nov 8, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China delivers remarkable performance in commercial 5G services By Wang Zheng ( People's Daily ) 13:22, November 08, 2020 BMW Brilliance, a joint venture between the BMW Group and Brilliance China Automotive Holdings Ltd., displays its 5G products at the Global Industrial Internet Conference which kicked off in Shenyang, northeast China''''s Liaoning province on Oct. 18. (People’s Daily Online/ Huang Jinkun) China's communication industry, since officially launching commercial 5G services on Oct. 31, 2019, has remarkably advanced 5G construction over the past year. Over 690,000 5G base stations have been erected across the country, connecting more than 160 million terminals. "I can finally bid a farewell to laggy sports livestreams on my phone," said a man surnamed Shen who had just switched to a 5G package of China Telecom, one of the three major carriers in China, two weeks ago. Shen, who works for an internet company in Shanghai, once doubted the coverage and application of 5G network. However, once he started using it, the experience was beyond expectation. "Videos are sent in a second, and the internet phone calls have no lag at all. It's also very fast to send high-volume emails when I turn my phone into a WiFi hotspot," Liu told People's Daily. Many people said they were expecting "super applications" that could exploit the full potential of the 5G technology, and Song Xiaoming, who works in the new media industry in Hangzhou, east China's Zhejiang province, is one of them. "We have just kicked off 5G-based livestream marketing, and it offered unprecedented vision quality," said Song, who started using 5G services earlier this year. He told People's Daily that he has some friends developing 5G applications for agriculture and health industries, and these applications are welcomed by the users. "However, 'super applications' for average consumers are still needed," he added. Such applications call for high speed, low latency and wide connection of the 5G network, said Zhang Chuang, a professor with Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications. Taking sports livestreams as an example, the professor introduced that 5G could make broadcasts more interactive, as the viewers can not only select their favored camera angles, but also watch game highlights with panorama view as their fingers scrolling on the screens. "It's going to be a hit if such technique is applied to the live broadcast of major sport events," he said. The newly built Chengdu Tianfu International Airport in southwest China's Sichuan province is now progressing its 5G connection. So far, 80 percent of the cable work has been completed, marking a 40 percent completion of the whole 5G project of the airport. By Jan. 30 the next year, all the 5G network construction of the airport will be finished. The 5G construction of the Chengdu Tianfu International Airport is just a miniature of China's accelerated 5G networking in the past year. As of September this year, the country has built over 690,000 5G base stations that connect more than 160 million terminals. While China is rapidly improving the coverage of base stations, 5G terminals are also emerging massively with plunging prices. So far, 207 models of 5G terminals have been granted network access certificates, which means they are ready to hit the market, including over 180 mobile phones manufactured by 34 brands. Most of these phones are priced below 2,000 yuan ($302), and nearly 80 percent of the mobile phones launched in the recent two months are 5G phones. Next, China will focus on the innovation of 5G applications, dig into the demand of its vertical markets, and keep diversifying application scenarios, so as to build a broader application ecology. 【1】 【2】 【3】 (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Hongyu, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 Uganda launches Chinese-constructed road linking Kenya0 2 China’s 14th Five-Year Plan a far-sighted approach focusing… 3 2020 “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest for Interna… 4 Xi expounds on CPC proposals for China's new development pl… 5 A glance at drafting process of CPC proposals for China's n… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Over 4 mln sampled for COVID-19 tests in east China city In pics: full moon seen across world Professional team maintain Shenzhen's nuclear power plant In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Related reading Huawei roadshow showcases advantages of 5G in Madrid Exclusion of Chinese 5G companies in Sweden hurts fair competition, consumers' interests Beijing calls Sweden's ban on Huawei, ZTE unfair, says nothing to do with national security Europe telecoms group denounces bans on Chinese equipment vendors China's 5G network has over 600,000 base stations New growth drivers to underpin 14th Five-Year Plan China largest contributor to global 5G sales in Q2: report 5G covers all major urban areas in east China's Shandong Major telecom carriers team up on base stations Beijing now has over 5 million 5G users Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online