China, Italy cities cooperate to protect World Heritage Sites - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China, Italy cities cooperate to protect World Heritage Sites ( Xinhua ) 09:56, November 18, 2020 CHANGSHA, Nov. 17 (Xinhua) -- A dialogue and exchange event between the Wulingyuan scenic area in China and the Dolomites in Belluno, Italy, both UNESCO World Heritage Sites, was held on Monday in Zhangjiajie, a famous tourist city in central China's Hunan Province. During the event, the Wulingyuan district government signed a letter of intent with the government of Belluno for cooperation on cultural tourism, aiming to enhance collaboration and share experiences of protecting and developing world heritages. Lucia Pasqualini, consul general of Italy in Guangzhou, said that the UNESCO World Heritage Site is a commendation for places with outstanding cultural and natural value. She also expressed expectations for further and deeper cooperation between the two sites as well as the two countries. In 2015, Zhangjiajie and Venice in Italy signed a framework agreement on tourism and cultural cooperation and reinforced exchanges on education, tourism, and sports. The Dolomites are widely regarded as one of the most spectacular mountain ranges in the world, and Wulingyuan in Zhangjiajie is famous for its so-called "alien-planet" mountain views. In 2019, the city of Zhangjiajie received more than 1.37 million inbound tourists from 133 countries and regions. The number of inbound tourists increased by 179 percent year on year. As two countries with ancient civilizations, China and Italy both have a long history. So far, China has 55 UNESCO World Heritage Sites, ranking top in the world along with Italy. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Online celebrations held to mark 50th anniversary of China-Italy diplomatic ties Italy's organizations expect China's recovery to have "profound" effects on other economies Growth opportunities for Italian firms in Chinese market tangible: Italian ambassador New book recounts lives of 20 Chinese nationals in Italy during coronavirus pandemic China seen to play a role as Italy's tourism sector starts to recover from pandemic Cargo train carrying anti-epidemic supplies leaves China's Xi'an for Italy China eyes win-win cooperation with Italy Chinese, Italian scholars join hands in epidemic fight China-Italy friendship to make new progress amid fight against COVID-19: Chinese FM Italian president hosts special concert in support of China fighting coronavirus We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 3 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 4 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 5 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online