China-developed exoskeletons to support patrol, logistics tasks in high-altitude region - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 11, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China-developed exoskeletons to support patrol, logistics tasks in high-altitude region ( Global Times ) 15:42, November 11, 2020 China's newly-developed exoskeleton equipment. Photo: courtesy of CASIC Chinese scientists have recently developed an exoskeleton system specially designed for high-altitude regions, and the equipment is expected to conserve users' energy in tasks including patrol and logistics support. A number of agile, non-powered exoskeletons developed by the Human Function Enhancement Technology Research center under the State-owned arms contractor China Aerospace Science and Industry Corp (CASIC) have been delivered to a client, the Global Times learned from the research center on Tuesday. The exoskeletons are expected to be used in tasks in high-altitude regions, including patrol, transportation of goods and logistics support, according to the equipment's developer. Zhang Lijian, head of the research center, told the Global Times that in the harsh environment of high-altitude regions, other devices like aerial drones and robotic dogs may face difficulties reaching their intended destinations due to strong winds or challenging terrains. That is why traditional manual work is still necessary. But in high-altitude regions, due to the lack of oxygen, goods that weigh 1 kilogram feel like 5 kilograms, and at an elevation of 3,500 meters, a human being's physical capabilities decay to only 70-75 percent of normal level, Zhang said. The exoskeleton can effectively save 5-10 percent of the energy expended in walking, climbing and carrying goods, and about 70- 80 percent of the energy used in standing, when carrying a load of 25 kilograms, according to Zhang. Thanks to the usage of carbon fiber materials, the exoskeleton weighs only about 4 kilograms, and it is very durable despite possible rough usages in high-altitude, mountainous regions, the developer said, noting that to counter the extreme cold and wear-and-tear issues, the equipment does not contain any plastic. Hand-on experience by Global Times reporters on Tuesday found that putting on the superlight carbon fiber-composed gear takes less than a minute and it's easy to use it in walking, leaping and running. To better understand the energy-saving function of the gear, Global Times reporters put on a 25-kilogram backpack for testing, and it worked wonders. One can easily carry such a weight in a rather relaxed fashion and manage to move up and down without developing pain or soreness in the back or shoulders. Without the gear, the 25-kilogram backpack was quite hard to carry, let alone tread on complex terrains. Global Times reporters found that taking off the gear would take around 10 seconds. Zhang said that it took only about 20 days to build the first batch of dozens of exoskeletons, which are currently priced at less than 50,000 yuan ($7,565) each. Based on customer demand, production can be accelerated to 1,000 units a month, and the unit price can be reduced. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading China develops wearable exoskeleton that mimics human knee Real 'Ironman': China's first robot exoskeleton AIDER debuts in Chengdu We Recommend In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Rapid change of Shenzhen documented by correspondent with photos In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Drone light display held as part of Changchun Int'l UAV Industrial Expo Most Read 1 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 2 2020 “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest for Interna… 3 Vlog: Emily's bite of CIIE 4 Xi expounds on CPC proposals for China's new development pl… 5 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online