China, U.S. to continue military exchanges: spokesperson - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Friday, Oct 30, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China, U.S. to continue military exchanges: spokesperson ( Xinhua ) 10:04, October 30, 2020 BEIJING, Oct. 29 (Xinhua) -- The militaries of China and the United States have agreed to hold a webinar on military humanitarian assistance and disaster relief in mid-November, a spokesperson for China's Ministry of National Defense said Thursday. Wu Qian said at a regular press conference that consultations on maritime security issues will also be held via a video conference by the end of this year. The military-to-military relationship between the two countries is an important part of China-U.S. relations, said Wu, adding that maintaining a stable bilateral military relationship is in line with the interests of both sides and requires joint efforts. The Chinese side is willing to uphold the principle of non-conflict, non-confrontation, mutual respect and win-win cooperation, and strive to push forward coordinated, cooperative and stable development of China-U.S. relations, Wu said. China hopes that the U.S. side will work with China to reduce hostility, refrain from provocations, strengthen communication, manage and control risks, and play a constructive role for the stable development of the bilateral military relationship, Wu noted. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wu Chaolan, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading China urges U.S. to stop concocting lies, undermining ties US officials told to stop stirring trouble in Asia China refutes U.S. act of forcing small countries to pick sides Chinese Embassy in India urges U.S. to stop undermining regional peace, stability Doors on Australian army's helicopters "not wide enough": military We Recommend In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Rapid change of Shenzhen documented by correspondent with photos In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Drone light display held as part of Changchun Int'l UAV Industrial Expo Most Read 1 City of entrepreneurs: Wenzhou, centre of China’s private e… 2 U.S. president's comments about Ethiopia's grand dam ignite… 3 14th Five-Year Plan showcases democratic policy-making 4 China's Tibet eradicates absolute poverty 5 To vigorously carry forward the great spirit of the War to … Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online