China's blind runner completes first 100-kilometer ultra-marathon - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Oct 21, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China's blind runner completes first 100-kilometer ultra-marathon ( People's Daily Online ) 14:18, October 21, 2020 Yan Wei, a blind runner from east China's Shandong province, has successfully completed a 100-kilometer ultra-marathon in 9 hours and 40 minutes recently held in Shanghai. Yan Wei (center) At 6:22 on the evening of Oct.18, counting on Yan's sports app stopped at 100.9 kilometers, meaning that he had completed the 100-kilometer marathon for the first time in his life, and also became the first 100-kilometer blind runner in China. Yan has loved running since he was a teenager and run several marathons. He runs 500 to 600 kilometers every month. "I usually run faster, because speed reserves are still very important when completing a marathon, which means my ability has improved," Yan said in an interview. "In the final stage of the run, there were two volunteers who I came into contact for the first time in the relay. It took me a while to get used to the rhythm, but in the end, I successfully completed the 100 kilometers," Yan said about his experience in completing the marathon. As for the feeling after completing the ultra-marathon for the first time, Yan said that it was a rare experience. "100 kilometers should be regarded as a milestone for runners," he said. "Yan Wei taught me a lot of things, such as how to be optimistic and persistent. He lives like a child. When you communicate with him, you don't expect that he’s blind," said Lu Wei, a senior volunteer, adding that he has accompanied Yan in running more than a dozen times since they met at the 2015 Beijing Marathon. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Hongyu, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Runners compete in Vienna City Marathon Tribute to Eliud - Vienna Race 71-year-old runner overcomes arthritis, plans to participate in National Games marathon Marathons contribute to urban development Highlights of 38th Frankfurt Marathon @China: Marathon for the Blind Pic story of 63-year-old Chinese marathon runner Marathons bring China closer to the world Media landscape and comparison of China marathon and international marathon China’s first 50km ultra-marathon held in Lishui 2019 Wuxi Marathon sets new national record as 740 finish within 3 hours We Recommend Rapid change of Shenzhen documented by correspondent with photos In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Drone light display held as part of Changchun Int'l UAV Industrial Expo In pics: full moon seen across world Professional team maintain Shenzhen's nuclear power plant Farmers enjoy harvest in N China In historical feat, Tibet eliminates absolute poverty Autumn scenery in Ordos, Inner Mongolia Aerial view of Shenzhen, S China Most Read 1 Xi stresses advancing development of quantum science and te… 2 Building community of health for all critical to dealing wi… 3 Baidu's self-driving taxis start passenger services in Beij… 4 American "coercive diplomacy" makes a mess around the globe 5 Xi stresses carrying forward China's volunteers army's spir… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online