China's future fighter trainer could feature AI to boost pilot's combat capability: top designer - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Monday, Nov 16, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China's future fighter trainer could feature AI to boost pilot's combat capability: top designer By Liu Xuanzun ( Global Times ) 09:38, November 16, 2020 A JL-10 fighter trainer aircraft attached to a regiment under the PLA Naval Aviation University taxies on the flightline in preparation to take off for a live-fire flight training course near the Bohai Bay area in late April, 2020. (eng.chinamil.com.cn/Photo by Xu Yinglong) China's future fighter trainer could feature artificial intelligence (AI) technologies to help pilot cadet's learning and boost future combat capability, said the chief designer of China's current most advanced trainer jet in a recent media report. In a China Central Television (CCTV) program first aired on Thursday introducing the L15 Falcon trainer jet, Zhang Hong, L15's chief designer and general manager of Hongdu Aviation Industry Group under state-owned Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC), said that countries around the world are paying more attention in training fighter jet pilots, as well as the development of next generation trainer jets. A virtual tactical training system (installed on future trainer jets) could be used to enhance pilot's skill in short, mid and long-range combat missions, said Zhang. "With the development of AI technologies in the future, we will be able to identify different habits each pilot has in flying. By managing them, we will let the pilots grow more safely and gain more combat capabilities in the future," Zhang said. The system can also be linked with simulators on the ground or other fighter jets, aiming to train the real tactical capabilities of future fighter jet pilots, Zhang said, stressing that real and simulated training will be interconnected. AI technologies could potentially be used to analyze pilot cadets' flying records and moves in real time, compare them with an optimal scenario and give feedback to the cadets, a military expert who asked for anonymity told the Global Times on Sunday. The AI could act like a human instructor in teaching pilot cadets, but would be able to notice more details in the cadets' movements and give more scientific and concrete analysis for the cadets to refer to, the expert said, noting that AI, together with human instructors, could help pilot cadets train much faster. Chinese designers are also expected to use AI on the next generation of fighter jets. AVIC's Yang Wei, chief designer of China's first fourth generation fighter jet, the J-20, said in a paper published in the June issue of Acta Aeronautica et Astronautica Sinica, a Chinese monthly journal on aeronautics, that AI is a key field to help pilots process a vast amount of information and make decisions in complicated battlefield environments. China's future trainer jet is likely to have the capabilities of a light combat aircraft, Zhang said in the CCTV program. The L15B, a L15 variant, is already a fighter trainer capable of combat. It is installed with more powerful engines to realize supersonic flight, equipped with a multipurpose passive electronically scanned array radar system, and can carry several types of missiles, bombs and rockets for air-to-ground, air-to-surface attack tasks as well as mid-to-close range aerial combat missions, CCTV reported. The L15 is in service with the Chinese air and naval forces under the designation of the JL-10, training pilots for fighter jets like the J-10, J-11, J-15, J-16 and even the J-20, reports said. It is also available for export. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Bianji, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 3 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 4 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 5 2,000-yr-old barn discovered in Inner Mongolia Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online