China launches antenna array for Mars, moon missions - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China launches antenna array for Mars, moon missions ( Xinhua ) 09:34, November 19, 2020 XI'AN, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- China has launched its first array of giant radio antennas to support missions to Mars and the moon, sources with the Xi'an Satellite Control Center said on Wednesday. After nearly two years of construction, the deep-space antenna array system was built at the control center's Kashgar station in northwestern Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. It consists of four 35-meter-diameter antennas, three of which are newly built. Its data reception capability is equivalent to that of an antenna with a diameter of 66 meters. According to the center staff, the system was developed to enhance the ground station's monitoring range and data receiving sensitivity for the country's deep-space exploration projects. It has been used to track the Mars probe Tianwen-1 and the lunar probe Chang'e-4. Because each antenna can work independently, the system can track and control single and multiple spacecraft over hundreds of millions of kilometers at the same time, said Li Sihu, head of the Kashgar station. Li noted that the system could also work with other observatory stations at home and abroad to carry out joint radio astronomy observation activities. China plans to launch a Long March-5 Y5 rocket carrying the Chang'e-5 lunar probe late this month. The center is preparing to conduct monitoring for the mission. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading SpaceX Crew Dragon spacecraft docks with ISS China's Mars probe travels over 300 million km Newly discovered asteroid to fly safely by Earth next week: Chinese astronomer China's Chang'e-4 probe resumes work for 24th lunar day China plans more meteorological satellites in next five year We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online