China port tops 100 million tonnes in oil, gas throughput - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China port tops 100 million tonnes in oil, gas throughput ( Xinhua ) 09:33, November 19, 2020 HANGZHOU, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- Ningbo Zhoushan port, China's busiest port in the eastern province of Zhejiang, reported its oil and gas throughput exceeding 100 million tonnes in the first ten months of the year, marking the first time it reached this volume, local authorities said. During the period, the port saw a gross throughput of about 105.5 million tonnes in its oil and gas sector, up by 50 percent year on year. Currently, oil and gas have become the major types of goods with the fastest growth rate and the most stable increment at the port, serving as the main driving engine for the port's economic capacity, according to the Zhoushan port navigation and administration bureau. A total of 569 visits by international oil vessels were recorded at the port, 147 more than that in the same period last year. The volume of oil and gas that arrived at the port amounted to 55.7 million tonnes, an increase of 41.7 percent year on year. In October, the port signed oil and gas projects totaling 165.6 billion yuan (about 23.89 billion U.S. dollars) during the Second International Petroleum and Natural Gas Enterprises Conference, aiming to accelerate the industry in the Zhejiang Pilot Free Trade Zone. The Zhejiang Pilot Free Trade Zone in Zhoushan has been seeking cooperation with global oil and gas enterprises since its establishment in April 2017. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading China's "Air Silk Road" demonstrates huge potential China adopts new steps to bolster consumption, facilitate Internet Plus Tourism Every company should have a China strategy, experts say RCEP sets example of reducing trade barriers for developmental benefits, says expert All business assets of Huawei's Honor brand acquired by over 30 agents, dealers We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online