China's military sports forces to face major changes in new reform - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Oct 22, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China's military sports forces to face major changes in new reform ( Xinhua ) 11:02, October 22, 2020 BEIJING, Oct. 21 (Xinhua) -- China's Central Military Commission (CMC) on Tuesday announced a plan to reform the military's professional sports unit to make it more military-oriented rather than contest-oriented. The announcement came at a mobilization conference where the CMC unveiled a circular on reforming the military sports unit and a work plan to reform the Military Sports Training Center under the Training and Administration Department of the CMC. Major changes will take place in the functional orientation, scale and structure, and competition participation of military sports teams, according to the documents. The military sports forces should strengthen their functions to serve the troops, help improve combat capability and be more military-oriented rather than contest-oriented. The reform will retain military sports teams with distinct military features, but will no longer keep those teams of competitive sports with mass participation and abundant social resources. The armed forces will no longer participate in the nation's comprehensive sporting events or individual sports competitions but will take part in the Military World Games and individual events organized by the International Military Sports Council. The reform is aimed at forming sports forces that match China's goal of building a world-class military in all respects and meet the requirements of armed forces reforms, said an official with CMC's Training and Administration Department. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading China urges U.S. to clarify biological militarization activities: spokesperson Russia's autumn army recruitment underway Chinese soldier lost in China-India border area returned Russia ready to freeze nuclear warheads along with U.S. to extend arms treaty Xi meets with role models for promoting military-civilian solidarity We Recommend Rapid change of Shenzhen documented by correspondent with photos In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Drone light display held as part of Changchun Int'l UAV Industrial Expo In pics: full moon seen across world Professional team maintain Shenzhen's nuclear power plant Farmers enjoy harvest in N China In historical feat, Tibet eliminates absolute poverty Autumn scenery in Ordos, Inner Mongolia Aerial view of Shenzhen, S China Most Read 1 Building community of health for all critical to dealing wi… 2 Xi stresses advancing development of quantum science and te… 3 Baidu's self-driving taxis start passenger services in Beij… 4 Xi stresses carrying forward China's volunteers army's spir… 5 Heihe: an urban gem on the China-Russia border Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online