Chinese academicians call for promoting spirit of scientists - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Chinese academicians call for promoting spirit of scientists ( Xinhua ) 09:35, November 18, 2020 BEIJING, Nov. 17 (Xinhua) -- Several Chinese academicians and scientists on Tuesday called for promoting the spirit of scientists in the development of sci-tech industry. Yao Tandong, an academician at the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), said at a press conference in Beijing that the moral and professional integrity of scientists can motivate scientific researchers and is important for the development of the sci-tech industry and social progress. Yao noted that advanced technologies should be used for the more efficient development of scientific research. He urged enhancing interdisciplinary study for innovative research. At the same press conference, Yuan Yaxiang, also an academician at the CAS, highlighted the importance of nurturing new-generation scientists. He encouraged young researchers to be curious about science and make breakthroughs in major fields of science. Huo Shouliang, a researcher at the Chinese Research Academy of Environmental Sciences, called for cooperation and joint research among scientists, while Guo Shaojun, a professor at Peking University, proposed to strengthen basic research and promote the transformation of achievements in research. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading World Young Scientist Summit opens in east China Chinese scientists show interest in Martian meteorite research Scientists find huge meteor crater in northeast China Chinese scientists confirm existence of critical ice nucleus Chinese scientist named among most influential people in science Chinese, U.S. scientists identify ancient mammals with separate hearing, chewing bones Four scientists win China's 2019 Future Science Prize Scientists witness for very first time giant galaxy clusters about to merge Chinese scientists find cheaper way to make hydrogen fuel Chinese scientists develop bioactive material for skin regeneration We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 3 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 4 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 5 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online