Chinese, German researchers find "promising" herbal therapy for moderate COVID-19 - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Monday, Nov 9, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Chinese, German researchers find "promising" herbal therapy for moderate COVID-19 ( Xinhua ) 09:44, November 09, 2020 Photo taken with a mobile phone shows pharmacists preparing Chinese herbal medicine at a Chinese medicine store in Beijing, capital of China, July 31, 2019. (Xinhua/Zhang Chao) Clinical data showed that Shufeng Jiedu capsules, added to standard antiviral therapy, significantly reduced the clinical recovery time of COVID-19 and fatigue as well as cough days, compared to standard antiviral therapy alone. BERLIN, Nov. 8 (Xinhua) -- In a recently-published study, Chinese and German researchers have suggested that Shufeng Jiedu capsules, a patented herbal drug composed of eight medicinal plants, might be "a promising herbal therapy for moderate COVID-19." The scientific paper was published online on Oct. 22 by Phytomedicine, a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal. The research team included Xia Lu of Shanghai Public Health Clinical Center affiliated to Fudan University, Shi Yujing of the China Academy of Chinese Medical Sciences, Su Jie of Shanghai Tech University, and Thomas Friedemann of HanseMerkur Center for Traditional Chinese Medicine at the University Medical Center in Germany. There is currently no confirmed cure or vaccine for COVID-19. But the use of Traditional Chinese Herbal Medicine (TCM) to combat COVID-19 got international attention because it was regularly used during the pandemic, the authors said in the study. TCM was used successfully for the treatment of SARS in 2003 and influenza A (H1N1) in 2009, they said. Shufeng Jiedu capsules, consisting of eight medicinal plants, are recognized for the treatment of different viral respiratory infectious diseases based on their antiviral, anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory activities against acute lung injury, the authors said. The antiviral and anti-inflammatory properties of Shufeng Jiedu capsules were confirmed by the mouse model. The decreased inflammatory factors in the lung tissue of coronavirus-infected mice can be explained by attenuation of pro-inflammatory pathways by bioactive compounds of the capsules, they said. Network analysis showed that 11 inflammation and immunomodulation-related pathways were influenced by bioactive compounds of the capsules, they said. CROATIA-KARLOVAC-COVID-19-PATIENTSA medical worker tends a COVID-19 patient at General Hospital Karlovac in Karlovac, Croatia, Oct. 28, 2020. (Kristina Stedul Fabac/Pixsell via Xinhua) The authors had investigated data from a clinical pragmatic empirical study of patients diagnosed with COVID-19 to assess the clinical effectiveness of the capsules and to determine the optimal time to initiate treatment, according to the study. Clinical data showed that Shufeng Jiedu capsules, added to standard antiviral therapy, significantly reduced the clinical recovery time of COVID-19 and fatigue as well as cough days, compared to standard antiviral therapy alone. The herbal therapy was significantly more effective when used within the first eight days after the onset of COVID-19 symptoms, the authors said. "Clinical data provided some promising evidence that the capsules might shorten the symptomatic course of COVID-19 in patients with mild and moderate symptoms. The results indicated that it is beneficial to administer the capsules immediately from the onset of the first symptoms," the authors said. However, a large-scale randomized, double-blinded and placebo-controlled clinical trial is necessary to confirm the effect of this real-world study of Shufeng Jiedu capsules for the treatment of COVID-19 patients, they added. Healthcare workers of Tebita Ambulance evacuate a patient from his residence onto an ambulance in Addis Ababa, capital of Ethiopia, on Oct. 13, 2020. (Xinhua/Michael Tewelde) (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 Uganda launches Chinese-constructed road linking Kenya0 2 China’s 14th Five-Year Plan a far-sighted approach focusing… 3 2020 “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest for Interna… 4 Xi expounds on CPC proposals for China's new development pl… 5 A glance at drafting process of CPC proposals for China's n… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Over 4 mln sampled for COVID-19 tests in east China city In pics: full moon seen across world Professional team maintain Shenzhen's nuclear power plant In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Related reading Boehringer Ingelheim launches stroke care solution at CIIE Germany has to pull "emergency brake" to control COVID-19 pandemic: minister Germany reports 12,097 new COVID-19 cases as country enters second lockdown Berlin Brandenburg Airport opens to public Germany reports record daily increase with over 16,000 COVID-19 infections Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online