China stresses importance of implementing RCEP trade pact - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; China stresses importance of implementing RCEP trade pact ( Xinhua ) 10:08, November 19, 2020 BEIJING, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- The State Council, China's cabinet, on Wednesday stressed the importance of domestic efforts to put the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) into practice as scheduled. Further efforts should go into pursuing higher-level opening-up with more emphasis on institutional openness, according to a statement released following a State Council executive meeting chaired by Premier Li Keqiang. The trade pact reflects the shared will of the Asia-Pacific region, it noted, and building the world's largest free trade zone would help stabilize industrial and supply chains. The meeting also made arrangements to boost the consumption of bulk consumer goods and major products by listing measures to stabilize and expand automobile consumption, and promote purchases of home appliances, furniture and home decor. It also called for further steps in boosting the consumption of catering services in the country's urban areas. To promote the healthy development of the travel industry amid regular epidemic prevention and control, the meeting specified measures to support the building of smart tourist sites and guiding the growth of new business models such as cloud tourism. The meeting, stressing the importance of reservoirs, also called for the expansion of targeted investment to enhance disaster prevention and water supply capabilities. By the end of 2025, the country will see all of its reservoirs that currently constitute problems and risks fixed and strengthened, it said. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Landmark RCEP trade pact to boost regional economic integration RCEP sets example of reducing trade barriers for developmental benefits, says expert RCEP to boost regional trade, investment amid pandemic: Philippine trade chief UK market analyst hails signing of RCEP RCEP could give "significant boost" to FDI in the region: UNCTAD We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online