Chinese mainland reports 1 new locally transmitted COVID-19 case - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Chinese mainland reports 1 new locally transmitted COVID-19 case ( Xinhua ) 11:25, November 18, 2020 BEIJING, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- China's National Health Commission said Wednesday that it received reports of eight newly confirmed COVID-19 cases on the Chinese mainland Tuesday, including one that was domestically transmitted and seven imported. The domestically transmitted case was reported in Tianjin, the commission said in its daily report. No new suspected cases or deaths related to the disease were reported on Tuesday, the commission said. Of the new imported cases, four were reported in Shanghai, and one each in Shanxi, Liaoning and Guangdong. By the end of Tuesday, a total of 3,723 imported cases had been reported on the mainland. Of them, 3,412 had been discharged from hospitals after recovery, and 311 remained hospitalized. No deaths from the imported cases had been reported. As of Tuesday, the total number of confirmed COVID-19 cases on the mainland had reached 86,369. Of them, 324 patients were still being treated, including three in severe condition. Altogether 81,411 patients had been discharged after recovery, and 4,634 died of the disease on the mainland, the commission said. There were no suspected COVID-19 cases on the mainland, while 13,974 close contacts were still under medical observation after 379 were discharged Tuesday, according to the commission. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Chinese mainland reports 7 new imported COVID-19 cases Africa's confirmed COVID-19 cases surpass 1.98 mln: Africa CDC China's domestic demand rises sharply in October amid broad-based recovery: UK think tank China enhances cooperation with B&amp;R countries despite COVID-19 Xinjiang downgrades Shufu County to low-risk COVID-19 area Hong Kong to tighten testing, isolation arrangements for inbound consular, diplomatic officers Chinese mainland reports 1 new locally transmitted COVID-19 case I witnessed first-hand what China is doing to curb COVID-19 ADB allocates over 20 mln USD to help developing members access COVID-19 vaccines Chinese mainland reports no new locally transmitted COVID-19 cases We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online