Cultural relics returned from U.S. handed over to Nanjing Museum - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Cultural relics returned from U.S. handed over to Nanjing Museum ( People's Daily Online ) 11:01, November 18, 2020 On Nov. 14, China's National Cultural Heritage Administration handed over 361 Chinese cultural relics to Nanjing Museum in Nanjing, capital of Jiangsu province in east China, at a special ceremony held at the museum, CCTV News reported on Nov. 16. (Photo/cctv.com) The cultural relics were returned by the U.S. government in February 2019, and included jade and stone artworks from the Neolithic Age, bronze swords from the Spring and Autumn Period (770-476 B.C.), pottery wares dating back to the Han Dynasty (202 B.C. - 220 A.D.) and the Ming Dynasty (1384-1644), and architectural wood carvings created during the Qing Dynasty (1644 A.D.-1911 A.D.). Most of them were for funerary purposes. (Photo/cctv.com) This is the third and largest handover since the U.S. and China signed a memorandum of understanding on import restrictions of Chinese antiquities in 2009. (Photo/cctv.com) (Photo/cctv.com) The artworks were found by the FBI's Art Crime Team in April 2014, and were finally allowed to be sent back to China in 2019 thanks to five years of joint efforts from China's National Cultural Heritage Administration, the Chinese Embassy in the U.S., the U.S. State Department and the FBI. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Hongyu, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading "Marquis of Haihun" relics park opens to public Relics dating back over 7,000 years displayed in northeast China Paleolithic relics found in NW China Thousands of relics unearthed in northeast China ruins China assists foreign countries with relics restoration Chinese cultural relics returned from Italy on display China to build "medical school" for relics protection U.S. repatriates 361 pieces of Chinese relics, artifacts China still has long way to go in recovering stolen relics Over 10,000 relics from ancient sunken ship on show We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online