Early Neolithic sites in east China’s Zhejiang form alliance - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Monday, Nov 16, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Early Neolithic sites in east China’s Zhejiang form alliance ( People's Daily Online ) 16:56, November 16, 2020 An alliance of early Neolithic sites in east China’s Zhejiang province, known as the Shangshan sites, was established recently during a symposium on the 20th anniversary of their discovery, held from Nov. 12 to 14 in Pujiang county, Jinhua, Zhejiang province. The Shangshan Archeological Park in Pujiang county, Zhejiang province. (Photo/Xinhua) The alliance’s first joint conference was also held during the symposium. People in charge of the 19 Shangshan sites attended the meeting, at which they passed and released a declaration, as well as the alliance’s constitution. The declaration calls on people to protect the sites of Shangshan culture and save the precious cultural heritage for future generations, pass on the legacy of Shangshan culture and make the culture an impressive symbolic achievement of China, study the results of Shangshan culture and tap into its cultural genes, footprints of civilization, and spiritual belief in the culture to contribute to the establishment of the theoretical system of the cultural genes of the Chinese nation, develop Shangshan culture into a golden name card so as to make the Shangshan culture sites a research base of the world’s rice cultivation and a place of pilgrimage for knowledge about human civilization from around 10,000 years ago. The relevant parties should also set short-term, medium-term, and long-term goals for efforts to get Shangshan culture included in the UNESCO World Heritage List, says the declaration. These 19 sites are mainly distributed near the upper reaches of the Qiantang River, the longest river in Zhejiang, and its tributaries. They date back about 8,600 to 10,000 years, and represent the earliest, largest, and richest early Neolithic ruins group near the Qiantang River, the lower reaches of the Yangtze River, and even in China. The Shangshan culture sites are believed to be the birthplace of the world’s rice civilization, colored pottery culture, and village culture. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Bianji, Hongyu) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Neolithic relic sites discovered in northwest China Prehistoric sites discovered in Guizhou's Qinglong Stonewares of Neolithic Age found in SE Tibet British archaeology student finds Neolithic chewing gum in Finland We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 3 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 4 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 5 2,000-yr-old barn discovered in Inner Mongolia Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online