European Commission working to avoid double-dip recession - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; European Commission working to avoid double-dip recession ( Xinhua ) 09:20, November 19, 2020 BRUSSELS, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- The European Commission is working to avoid the risk of a double-dip recession in Europe, Paolo Gentiloni, the European Commissioner for Economy, said on Wednesday. Explaining the priorities of the commission's guidance for the member states of the European Union (EU) in its autumn semester package, Gentiloni underlined that "emergency response and transformation should go hand in hand." He noted that Europe was seeking a strong recovery in the third quarter, but that was interrupted by the resurgence of the pandemic. "Our view is that we are not having a 'V-shaped' recovery... We will have an incomplete and uneven recovery over the coming two years with persistently high uncertainty and multiple risks," the commissioner warned. He said the commission was urging the continuation of short-term policies that address the crisis and support the recovery as well as pursue investments and reforms to strengthen economic and social resilience. The commission's Executive Vice-President for An Economy that Works for People, Valdis Dombrovskis, said the package aims to steer EU economies into calmer waters and provide policy guidance for collective recovery. "We have taken the right approach to this crisis by coordinating our policy response: monetary, fiscal and social, accompanied by supervisory and regulatory policies for the financial sector," said Dombrovskis, adding that the package is "instrumental in cushioning the impact of the crisis and making sure that we are able to bounce back from it." Both Gentiloni and Dombrovskis called on EU member states to reach an agreement on the next seven-year budget and a recovery fund linked to it, a package totaling 1.82 trillion euros (2.17 trillion U.S. dollars) designed to support the economic recovery of the bloc. "People and businesses are waiting. All sides should take their responsibilities to make sure that we will get the full recovery package done," Dombrovskis said. (1 euro = 1.19 U.S. dollars) (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading 16th Central Asia-EU Ministerial Meeting held to promote cooperation Macao's 2021 policy address focuses on anti-pandemic, economy recovery Red lines remain unchanged in talks with EU: senior UK official Chinese VP stresses int'l cooperation at New Economy Forum EU fully "determined" to reach agreement with UK: spokesperson We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online