FAO calls for greater efforts to curb antimicrobial resistance - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; FAO calls for greater efforts to curb antimicrobial resistance ( Xinhua ) 09:09, November 19, 2020 ROME, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) on Wednesday called on countries, organizations and individual actors to accelerate efforts to curb the spread of superbugs, which FAO said threaten to turn into the next pandemic. In a statement released to mark the start of World Antimicrobial Awareness Week, FAO said the threat of antimicrobial resistance -- defined by the World Health Organization as bacteria, viruses, fungi, and parasites that evolve to become resistant to medicines, making them more difficult to treat -- is on the rise, with "serious implications for global health, agri-food systems and economies." Rome-based FAO said that at least 700,000 people die each year from drug-resistant diseases. "COVID-19 has shown us that human, animal and environmental health are more interdependent than ever before," FAO's statement said. "Pathogens affecting one area can exacerbate challenges in others and have an enormous impact on how we prevent and control health threats to safeguard the world." FAO said the rise of antimicrobial resistance is "potentially even more dangerous than COVID-19." FAO issued a series of guidelines to curb the spread of antimicrobial resistance for farmers; food chain workers and consumers; policymakers; resource partners; health, agriculture, environment, and veterinary researchers; non-governmental advocacy groups; animal health professionals and private stakeholders. World Antimicrobial Awareness Week, which will include a series of discussion groups meeting via digital hookup, will conclude on Nov. 24. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Wuwei City of Gansu develops edible fungus industry to increase local income Agriculture industries developed in Jiangxi Vegetables, prosperity grow on "Roof of the World" "Hunger is an outrage in a world of plenty," says UN chief Sichuanese culinary skills competition held in Sichuan Skills competition for autumn harvest held at Chunhua Village, Zhejiang We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online