Finals of 2020 Oracle Bone Inscriptions Cup “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest to be held on Nov. 17 - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Tuesday, Nov 17, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Finals of 2020 Oracle Bone Inscriptions Cup “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest to be held on Nov. 17 ( People's Daily Online ) 13:24, November 16, 2020 The final stage of the 2020 Oracle Bone Inscriptions Cup “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest for International Students, hosted by the Chinese People’s Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries, organized by People’s Daily Online and supported by Henan Provincial People’s Government, will be held on Nov. 17 in Zhengzhou, central China’s Henan Province. Ten contestants have been selected for the finals after rounds of online competitions, which included answering questions and one-minute speech videos. The finalists will take part in speech contests and talent shows. Finally, various awards will be announced after scoring and assessment carried out by judges. Under the theme of “harmony and coexistence”, an idea that Chinese civilization has emphasized for thousands of years, the event attracted international students in China, foreigners working in China, and non-native Chinese speakers after it was launched online on Oct. 16, 2020. By observing the contestants’ Chinese language expression and cross-cultural communication ability, the contest aims to help foreigners better understand the profound nature of Chinese characters, the Chinese values of “harmony and coexistence”, as well as the concept of “a community with a shared future for mankind”. The names of the 10 finalists are as follows: 1. 骆恒 LORENC JAN 2. 杨依婷 YEONG YI TING 3. 欧力 KENNE MICHEL OLIVIER 4. 马思莲 MASEZERANO DIVINE 5. 科森 PHOU KIETHSENG 6. 雷锋 REZVONOV RIVODZHIDIN 7. 欧阳丽达 TUYCHIEVA KHOLODA 8. 罗珃 ALINALINE CICHOCKI 9. 魏多多 EHIAGWINA VICTORIA 10.李京勋 LEE KYEONG HUN (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading 30 contestants through to second round of 2020 “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest for International Students 2020 “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest for International Students to kick off We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 3 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 4 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 5 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online