Foreign spectators for Tokyo Olympics might be isolated for 14 days - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Friday, Nov 13, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Foreign spectators for Tokyo Olympics might be isolated for 14 days ( Xinhua ) 10:40, November 13, 2020 TOKYO, Nov. 12 (Xinhua) -- Foreign spectators to watch next year's Tokyo Olympic Games might be isolated for 14 days if they come from countries where the COVID-19 pandemic has not been well controlled, a top official said here on Wednesday. Tokyo 2020 CEO Toshiro Muto told reporters after attending the fifth coordination meeting for COVID-19 countermeasures that foreign spectators could not go through the 14-day quarantine if they meet "certain conditions and criteria." That will also depend on the global situation of the coronavirus. But for those from "countries that are in a serious state in terms of infection" will most likely be isolated for 14 days. Muto said that specific countermeasures for foreign spectators will be made by next spring. He admitted that the Tokyo organizers will face a more difficult task to handle spectators than athletes in hosting a secure and safe Olympic Games. "After their entry to Japan, we cannot follow the spectators as athletes," Muto said, adding that Tokyo 2020 will come up with options for effective screening and health management. Muto said that Tokyo 2020 will talk about how many spectators will be allowed into the stadium and a final decision will also be made early next year. A document released by the organizers said that the "upper limit of the number of spectators" will be partly based on the status of infection both in Japan and abroad. Japan reported 1,634 new cases of coronavirus nationwide on Thursday, the highest daily tally so far in the country, surpassing the previous record of 1,605 confirmed on August 7, the state broadcaster NHK said. As the Olympics host city, Tokyo reported 393 new cases, while Hokkaido, where the marathon and walking events will be held, added 236 new cas (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Former WHO regional director Omi says "too early" to think about Tokyo Olympics Chinese Vice Premier encourages athletes to have good performance at Tokyo Olympics China eyes good results at 2020 Tokyo Olympics with challenges ahead We Recommend In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Rapid change of Shenzhen documented by correspondent with photos In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Drone light display held as part of Changchun Int'l UAV Industrial Expo Most Read 1 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 2 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 3 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 4 2,000-yr-old barn discovered in Inner Mongolia 5 Vlog: Emily's bite of CIIE Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online