France's COVID-19-related deaths and cases decreasing - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; France's COVID-19-related deaths and cases decreasing ( Xinhua ) 09:18, November 19, 2020 PARIS, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- France on Wednesday reported 425 COVID-19-related deaths, compared to Tuesday's 437, pushing up the country's death toll caused by the coronavirus to 46,698, according to the country's health authorities. Meanwhile, 28,383 new cases were recorded in France on Wednesday, down from Tuesday's 45,522, bringing the cumulative number of people who have caught the virus to 2,065,138 since the outbreak of the pandemic. The number of hospital admissions dropped for the second day in a row as the French government was preparing for a gradual process to return to normalcy during year-end holidays. A total of 328 COVID-19 patients left the hospital in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of hospitalized patients down to 32,842. The number of people in intensive care units, a key indicator to test the health system's ability to handle the sanitary crisis, fell by 79 to 4,775. Since September coronavirus data had spiraled to levels much higher than in the first wave of the pandemic, dragging France into its second country-wide lockdown on Oct. 30. The extra anti-coronavirus rules are effective until early December, although the government could impose more restrictions beyond the initial deadline if curbs fail to put a brake on the virus resurgence. "If the first results and the first glimmers of hope are visible, they are the result of the French people's mobilization. Nothing would be worse than destroying the results that have been achieved," said Gabriel Attal, the government spokesperson. "To relax our efforts now is to take the risk of having done them for nothing," he told the press after a weekly cabinet meeting. President Emmanuel Macron will make a TV appearance in the middle of next week to unveil new rules he will order after the lockdown ends on Dec.1. To bring life back to normal, countries such as Britain, China, Germany, Russia and the United States are racing against time to find a vaccine. According to the website of the World Health Organization, as of Nov. 12, there were 212 COVID-19 candidate vaccines being developed worldwide, and 48 of them were in clinical trials. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Coronavirus-related deaths rise by 506 in France China's Xiamen finds coronavirus on imported pork packaging UNAOC chief condemns attack at ceremony of French consulate in Saudi Arabia France commemorates Armistice Day under shadow of coronavirus Macron calls for EU-wide coordination in response to terrorism We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online