Germany's daily COVID-19 count continues rising - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Germany's daily COVID-19 count continues rising ( Xinhua ) 09:08, November 19, 2020 BERLIN, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- Germany registered 17,561 new COVID-19 infections in the past 24 hours, bringing the total to 833,307, the Robert Koch Institute (RKI) said on Wednesday. The infection rate in Europe's most populous country continued to decrease as daily new infections declined by almost a thousand cases compared with Wednesday last week, according to the RKI. Infections in Germany had been rising until last week and a partial month-long lockdown was already enforced in November. A week before the next scheduled conference of the heads of Germany's federal states with Chancellor Angela Merkel, Markus Soeder, minister president of Bavaria, warned that the measures to counter the high COVID-19 infection rate could be extended. The upcoming meeting should send a "clear signal" about what life would be like in December and beyond the Christmas holidays, said Soeder, stressing that schools in Germany should "remain open as long as possible." He said there was a need to tighten COVID-19 measures at public hotspots. Also on Wednesday, German lawmakers voted by a majority to amend legislation that will strengthen the government's ability to issue restrictions by decree in response to the pandemic, according to the German Press Agency (dpa). The bill passed by 415 votes to 236, with eight abstentions. The German government hopes that the amended legislation will protect anti-viral measures, such as business closures, contact restrictions and mask rules, from being challenged in the country's courts, dpa said. The amendments were also approved by the upper chamber, the Bundesrat, and signed into law by President Frank-Walter Steinmeier. They come into force with publication in the Federal Law Gazette, dpa reported. Meanwhile, German pharmaceutical company BioNTech had "initiated the first rolling regulatory submission processes for our COVID-19 vaccine program in the EU (European Union), the UK (United Kingdom) and Canada" and was scaling up production capacities to "prepare for a potential global launch of our COVID-19 vaccine, if approved," Ugur Sahin, chief executive officer (CEO) of BioNTech, has said. Last week, BioNTech and U.S. company Pfizer claimed that their COVID-19 vaccine candidates showed more than 90 percent efficacy in volunteers with no proven previous COVID-19 infection. To date, the vaccine has not shown negative side effects, such as a higher risk for developing autoimmune diseases, despite the short time in which it was developed, Klaus Cichutek, president of the German Paul-Ehrlich-Institut (PEI), responsible for the approval of vaccines in Germany, told the national broadcaster ZDF on Wednesday. As the world is struggling to contain the pandemic, countries including Germany, China, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States are racing to find a vaccine. According to the website of the World Health Organization, as of Nov. 12, there were 212 COVID-19 candidate vaccines being developed worldwide, and 48 of them were in clinical trials. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading COVID-19 crisis drives digitalization of German companies: Bitkom Germany reports 18,487 new COVID-19 cases as dynamics slow down Chinese, German researchers find "promising" herbal therapy for moderate COVID-19 Germany has to pull "emergency brake" to control COVID-19 pandemic: minister Germany reports 12,097 new COVID-19 cases as country enters second lockdown We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online