Hong Kong's future role discussed at Greater Bay Area Conference - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Hong Kong's future role discussed at Greater Bay Area Conference ( Xinhua ) 09:34, November 19, 2020 HONG KONG, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- Hong Kong should actively adjust its role and seek a new orientation for development, participants at the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Conference said here on Wednesday. To prepare the way forward for Hong Kong in the Greater Bay Area, three parts to this preparation should be done, including policy research, public messaging and community engagement, said Leung Chun-ying, vice chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC). Hong Kong should enhance international cooperation and build itself into a global center for innovation and technology, and on the other hand, it should strengthen cooperation with the mainland enterprises and reinforce synchronization on funds and technology with the mainland, he said. Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) Carrie Lam said the Greater Bay Area will enrich the principle of "one country, two systems" and promote long-term prosperity and stability in Hong Kong. The HKSAR government will give priorities to innovation and technology, and support young people, she said. The conference, organized by China Daily, an English newspaper, and the Silk Road Economic Development Research Center, attracted over 400 people, including government officials, business leaders and academics both online and offline to share their views on Hong Kong's future. Annie Wu Suk-ching, honorary chairwoman of Beijing Air Catering, said the Greater Bay Area is a hot spot for young people in Hong Kong to seek new opportunities and make more contributions to the country. Hong Kong should seize the opportunity to cultivate fintech and provide convenience for technology companies in the financial market, such as developing financial products and introducing international investment to fintech companies, Hong Kong's former secretary for financial services and the treasury Chan Ka-keung said. Witman Hung, principal liaison officer for Hong Kong at the Shenzhen Qianhai Authority, said Hong Kong should integrate its economy into the country's new "dual circulation" development pattern, strengthen ties with the mainland, cooperate with the Greater Bay Area cities including Shenzhen, and serve the country's great development together. The national development blueprint provides long-term development opportunities for Hong Kong, said Zhou Shuchun, Standing Committee member of the National Committee of the CPPCC, publisher and editor-in-chief of China Daily. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Main structure of Hong Kong Palace Museum building completed China's top political advisory body closes committee session Political advisors brainstorm for China's development plan University starts construction on astronomy center in China's Greater Bay Area Greater Bay Area crucial to Hong Kong's economic recovery: HKSAR officials We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online