Interview: China on "solid path of economic recovery" from pandemic shock: U.S. economist - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Sunday, Oct 25, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Interview: China on "solid path of economic recovery" from pandemic shock: U.S. economist ( Xinhua ) 09:09, October 25, 2020 "The most impressive aspect of the economy's performance is that the highest priority was given to containing the outbreak of COVID-19," says Stephen Roach. NEW YORK, Oct. 24 (Xinhua) -- The Chinese economy is staging impressive recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic shock, bolstered by the country's effective control of the novel coronavirus, a renowned U.S. economist said. "The third quarter GDP was encouraging," which does show that "China is on a solid path of economic recovery following the COVID-19 shock in the early months of this year," Stephen Roach, senior fellow at Yale University's Jackson Institute for Global Affairs, told Xinhua in an online video interview Tuesday. "The encouraging pieces of it have to do with the contribution to economic growth made by Chinese consumers, who clearly were most adversely impacted by the lockdown early this year," said Roach, who was formerly chairman of Morgan Stanley Asia and chief economist at Morgan Stanley, a New York-based investment bank. China's gross domestic product (GDP) expanded 4.9 percent year on year in Q3, faster than the 3.2-percent growth seen in Q2, showed official data earlier this week. Aerial photo taken on July 1, 2020 shows a newly-built bridge linking Nantong and Zhangjiagang over the Yangtze River in east China's Jiangsu Province. (Xinhua/Li Bo) Also, in the latest World Economic Outlook report released earlier this month, the International Monetary Fund projected China's economy to grow by 1.9 percent in 2020, 0.9 percentage points above the IMF's June forecast, making it the only major economy that will see positive growth this year. "The most impressive aspect of the economy's performance is that the highest priority was given to containing the outbreak of COVID-19," said Roach. "China's approach to public health is strict, it's disciplined," which is "a model of what can be done to contain the impacts of a disease outbreak in a major economy," he said, adding that "it's a model that the rest of the world needs to take very seriously as an example of what is missing today and what they could do." A shock like a pandemic does not just go away, instead, it takes very rigorous, focused and disciplined public health actions to curtail the spread and bring the disease under control, said the famed Yale scholar. Aerial photo taken on Aug. 26, 2020 shows the courtyard of a homestay in Huicailiang Village of Zhangbei County, north China's Hebei Province. (Xinhua/Li He) "The lesson from China is (that) they addressed the shock first of all and that was the principal focus of the government's efforts in the early months of 2020. And then by containing the shock, they were able to utilize policy tools, fiscal and monetary, to then stimulate the aggregate demand after the shock had been controlled," said Roach. "That's an important lesson for other economies around the world," as "massive fiscal and monetary stimulus could be undermined if you don't have effective control over the disease," he noted. The economist said he expects China to see "further progress in economic growth in the fourth quarter," and "it will be a positive number" for the year as a whole. Meanwhile, he cautioned that challenges remain, especially given the complexity and uncertainty of the pandemic. Further efforts in public health, health security and the social safety net, and continuing down the road of reforms, are among the aspects in which China could continue their endeavor so as to maintain the economic momentum and build up resilience, according to Roach. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Sheng Chuyi, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 Building community of health for all critical to dealing wi… 2 Xi stresses advancing development of quantum science and te… 3 Xi stresses carrying forward China's volunteers army's spir… 4 Heihe: an urban gem on the China-Russia border 5 China urges India to return apprehended soldier Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos Over 4 mln sampled for COVID-19 tests in east China city In pics: full moon seen across world Professional team maintain Shenzhen's nuclear power plant In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Rapid change of Shenzhen documented by correspondent with photos Farmers enjoy harvest in N China In historical feat, Tibet eliminates absolute poverty Autumn scenery in Ordos, Inner Mongolia Aerial view of Shenzhen, S China Drone light display held as part of Changchun Int'l UAV Industrial Expo Related reading China on "solid path of economic recovery" from pandemic shock: U.S. economist China's economic gain in Q3 lies in coordinated efforts under gov't guidance: Pakistani scholar Chinese economy boasts essential advantages, resilience, vitality China's economic growth shines light on what is possible for world economy: expert China's economic recovery offers encouraging precedent for world IMF revises down 2020 Asian economy forecast to 2.2-pct contraction China's progress in economic resumption China's early economic recovery "good news" to Philippines: finance secretary China shows way to economic recovery amid global battle against coronavirus: UK newspaper Alibaba's online marketplace launches annual shopping festival Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online