Italy's Neos Airlines launches so-called "coronavirus-free" passenger air link to China - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Italy's Neos Airlines launches so-called "coronavirus-free" passenger air link to China ( Xinhua ) 09:23, November 19, 2020 ROME, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- What is being hailed as the first "coronavirus-free" direct passenger air link between Italy and China will depart from Milan's Malpensa Airport on Thursday, airport officials said Wednesday. Neos, a Milan-based discount air carrier, operates a weekly flight between Milan and Nanjing, the capital of eastern China's Jiangsu province. Starting Thursday, the connection will be classified as "coronavirus-free" because officials will carry out a rapid coronavirus test that will produce results within 30 minutes, they said. The test is in addition to Malpensa Airport health rules already in place, including the negative result from a coronavirus swab and serological test carried out within 48 hours of the flight's departure. The Milan-Nanjing air link is the product of collaboration between Neos and airport operator SEA Aeroporti di Milano, with Milan's San Donato Hospital providing the health screening. Officials from SEA Aeroporti di Milano and Neos confirmed the flight and health information Wednesday when contacted by Xinhua. According to the Neos website, the 19-year-old company has a fleet of ten aircraft. All are active despite coronavirus flight restrictions. In addition to the new flight to Nanjing, the company also offers passenger charter service to Dakar and Bamako in Africa, as well as cargo service between Italy and China. The passenger link to China uses a 359-seat Boeing 787, with a cap of 75-percent of the seats being used to allow for social distancing. According to the company's website, the minimum cost for a ticket is 2,890 euros (3,427 U.S. dollars). (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Every company should have a China strategy, experts say "A marathon, not a sprint" -- Italy's anti-virus rules depend on personal responsibility COVID-19 may have appeared in Italy earlier than thought: study After pandemic blow, Italian exporters eye Chinese market Direct air freight route links China's Xiamen, London China on track to become world's largest civil aviation market, Boeing forecasts We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online