Japan's daily COVID-19 cases top 2,000 for first time - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Japan's daily COVID-19 cases top 2,000 for first time ( Xinhua ) 10:45, November 19, 2020 TOKYO, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- Japan on Wednesday recorded 2,189 new confirmed COVID-19 cases, renewing a record number of daily infections and exceeding the 2,000-mark for the first time, according to the latest figures from the health ministry and local authorities. Earlier, Japan reported record daily case spikes for three days in a row through Saturday when the number hit 1,737. The latest rise in coronavirus infections brought the national tally to 123,532, not including those connected to the Diamond Princess cruise ship that was quarantined near Tokyo earlier in the year. In Tokyo, the epicenter of Japan's outbreak, a record-high of 493 new cases were reported on Wednesday, exceeding the previous high of 472 logged on Aug. 1, with the capital's cumulative total reaching 35,722, the highest among the country's 47 prefectures. As the number of new confirmed cases has continued to rise in the capital, the Tokyo metropolitan government is planning to raise its virus alert by one notch to the highest level, according to government sources. The four-level virus warning system was introduced on July 2, with the highest one meaning "infections are spreading." The second-highest level, currently, means "caution is necessary" against a virus resurgence. The Tokyo decision to raise the alert level is expected to be announced on Thursday after consultations with public health and infectious disease experts to assess the virus situation in the capital of 14 million. According to the Tokyo metropolitan government, 42 COVID-19 patients among those hospitalized have developed serious symptoms, the highest number since a nationwide state of emergency over the pandemic was lifted in late May. Japan's northernmost main island of Hokkaido has seen a spike in COVID-19 cases and clusters recently, as more people are staying indoors in poorly-ventilated rooms with temperature dropping in winter. Hokkaido reported 233 new COVID-19 cases on Wednesday, with its cumulative total reaching 6,113. The local government has asked residents of its capital Sapporo to stay at home after days of record-high infections in the region. The death toll in Japan from the pneumonia-causing virus currently stands at 1,945, with 12 new fatalities reported Wednesday. The death toll includes 13 from aboard the Diamond Princess cruise ship. The health ministry also said there are currently 276 patients considered severely ill with the use of ventilators or being held in intensive care units. Despite recent spikes in cases, Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga has said that the government will maintain the "Go To Travel" subsidy campaign to encourage domestic tourism, adding Japan is not in a situation which requires a state-of-emergency declaration again over the pandemic. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Italy's Neos Airlines launches so-called "coronavirus-free" passenger air link to China France's COVID-19-related deaths and cases decreasing U.S. COVID-19 deaths top 250,000 -- Johns Hopkins University IOC President Bach "confident" of spectators at Tokyo Games Japanese business leaders welcome signing of RCEP trade pact IOC President Bach arrives in Tokyo to review Olympics preparations We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online