Main structure of Hong Kong Palace Museum building completed - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Main structure of Hong Kong Palace Museum building completed ( Xinhua ) 08:22, November 19, 2020 Photo taken on Nov. 18, 2020 shows an interior view of the completed main structure of the Hong Kong Palace Museum building in Hong Kong, south China. (Xinhua/Wang Shen) HONG KONG, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- The main structure of the Hong Kong Palace Museum (HKPM) building in West Kowloon Cultural District was completed on Wednesday. Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Carrie Lam, Chairman of West Kowloon Cultural District Authority Board Henry Tang and Chairman of Hong Kong Palace Museum Limited Bernard Charnwut Chan attended the completion ceremony. The HKPM has a broad vision and mission, and is committed to promoting research and appreciation of Chinese art and culture and dialogue between world civilizations and cultures, Lam said. The HKPM and the Palace Museum in Beijing have completed discussions on the list of about 800 cultural relics for display in the opening exhibition, Chan said. Hong Kong authorities and the Palace Museum signed a cooperation agreement in June 2017. The construction began in April 2019. The museum, expected to be completed in 2022, will have 7,800 square meters of gallery space. 【1】 【2】 【3】 【4】 【5】 【6】 【7】 (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos CIIE showcases cultural items from around the world Scenery of Meili Snow Mountains at sunrise in Yunnan Dajue Mountain Scenic Area, popular spot for fine art majors Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Related reading Hong Kong to tighten testing, isolation arrangements for inbound consular, diplomatic officers Stock Connect between Hong Kong, mainland celebrates 6th anniversary with record trading Autumn scenery of Palace Museum in Beijing HKSAR gov't to inspect 2,500 aged buildings in aftermath of fatal fire Liaison office of central gov't in HKSAR expresses concern over deadly fire in Hong Kong Palace Museum to host audiovisual concert in Beijing Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online