Military-civilian mobilization exercise shows China can quick switch industrial output - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Military-civilian mobilization exercise shows China can quick switch industrial output ( Global Times ) 10:51, November 18, 2020 Artillerymen assigned to an artillery brigade under the PLA Xinjiang Military Command operate a self-propelled howitzer to attack a mock target during a live-fire test at the altitude of 5,200 meters in China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region in late October, 2020. (eng.chinamil.com.cn/Photo by Han Qiang) A city in China recently held a military-civilian mobilization exercise, during which civilian firms temporarily shifted production to make combat vehicles and modified trailers to transport tanks. The move demonstrated China’s industrial potential in wartime, analysts said. Multiple civilian and military departments of Southwest China’s Chongqing Municipality conducted a series of joint, combat-oriented drills to test civilian mobilization and equipment requisition during wartime on Saturday, js7tv.com, a news website affiliated with the Chinese People’s Liberation Army (PLA), reported on Sunday. Upon receiving requisition orders for large platform trailers, related departments immediately initiated national defense mobilization protocols, rapidly assembled a large number of civilian transport equipment and personnel. They enhanced the trailers’ bearing capacities, modified their width, installed them with related equipment including camouflage, so the trailers can transport main battle tanks, according to the report. Using trailers is a key method for rapid, tactical or strategic deployment and relocation of tanks and armored vehicles, Shanghai-based news website eastday.com reported on Monday, noting that the caterpillar tracks of tanks limits their long-distance maneuverability in favor of off-road maneuverability. This method not only extends the tanks’ combat range, it also reduces fatigue of troops who operate tanks, the report said. The drills also featured civilian manufacturing companies shifting production to make a type of all-terrain combat vehicle, eastday.com said. Labeled “Strike 1000,” the 4X4 all-terrain combat vehicles were rapidly manufactured, the report said, noting that while this type of vehicle is lightweight and has little armor, it has very high mobility and bearing capacity, the report said. The exercise shows China’s huge potential to fight a war as a major industrial power, eastday.com said. The requisition of equipment is a key part of national defense mobilization, and plays an important role in Chinese military’s war preparedness in the new era, Weihutang, a military program affiliated with China Central Television (CCTV), reported on Tuesday, noting that according to foreign data, more than 80 percent of key civilian technologies can be used for military purposes. Military-civilian mobilization can also be useful in non-war military operations like disaster relief, Weihutang reported. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Liang Jun, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos CIIE showcases cultural items from around the world Scenery of Meili Snow Mountains at sunrise in Yunnan Dajue Mountain Scenic Area, popular spot for fine art majors Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online