New air freight route links central China's Changsha, Japan's Osaka - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; New air freight route links central China's Changsha, Japan's Osaka ( Xinhua ) 10:34, November 19, 2020 CHANGSHA, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- A new air freight route was launched Tuesday linking the central Chinese city of Changsha with Osaka, Japan, said local authorities. At around 12:40 p.m. Tuesday, a Boeing-757 cargo aircraft carrying mainly electronic products took off from Changsha Huanghua International Airport in the capital of Hunan Province. Operated by SF Airlines, China's leading air cargo carrier, the service could carry as many as 25 tonnes of cargo per flight and is scheduled five times a week from Tuesday to Saturday. Yang Li, head of the logistics office of the Changsha municipal government, said the launch of the route would give a further boost to the economic opening up of Changsha and promote exchanges in manufacturing between the two sides. According to Yang, Tuesday's flight also marked the first time that lithium batteries have been transported from Hunan by an international cargo flight. The route's capability to carry high value-added products such as lithium batteries is a positive sign for the development of Changsha's international air cargo service, said Yang. Changsha lies at the center of China's transportation network. The city has established 10 international air freight routes so far this year, according to Changsha Huanghua International Airport. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading IOC President Bach "confident" Tokyo Olympics can be held next July with spectators China's Heilongjiang Province sees rise in trade with Japan IOC President Bach "confident" of spectators at Tokyo Games Japanese business leaders welcome signing of RCEP trade pact IOC President Bach arrives in Tokyo to review Olympics preparations Sea of clouds at Biancheng Township, central China We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online