NY governor criticizes federal COVID-19 vaccination plan, threatens legal action - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Monday, Nov 16, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; NY governor criticizes federal COVID-19 vaccination plan, threatens legal action ( Xinhua ) 08:04, November 16, 2020 A screengrab from the web stream of pscp.tv shows New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo delivering a speech at the Riverside Church in New York City's borough of Manhattan, Nov. 15, 2020. (Xinhua) "Let me be clear, the black and brown communities that were first on the list of who died cannot be last on the list of who receives the vaccine," says Andrew Cuomo. NEW YORK, Nov. 15 (Xinhua) -- New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo on Sunday once again criticized the Donald Trump administration's vaccine distribution plan, saying its inequities will hurt the country and its people. "The Trump administration's proposed plan is such an affront. I tell you today if the Trump administration does not change this plan and does not provide an equitable vaccine process, we will enforce our legal rights, we will bring legal action to protect New Yorkers," said the governor while delivering a speech at the Riverside Church in New York City's borough of Manhattan. "Let me be clear, the black and brown communities that were first on the list of who died cannot be last on the list of who receives the vaccine," Cuomo added. In his speech, the governor stressed the need to make special efforts with the vaccine to "reach the underserved black, brown and poor communities," such as enlisting communal and faith-based groups to distribute the vaccine in their communities to help cover the blind spots of the private market, and finding medical and outreach teams to help public housing projects and low-income communities benefit from the vaccination plan. "The Reverend Dr. (Martin Luther) King who spoke in this magnificent church said of all the forms of inequality, injustice in health is the most shocking and the most inhumane because it often results in physical death. COVID proved Dr. King right," said Cuomo. "New York state will mobilize an army to vaccinate all New Yorkers fairly, equitably. No state will do it better," he added. Combo photo shows New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo (L) and U.S. President Donald Trump attending their respective events on different occasions. (Xinhua) EXCHANGE OF BARBS On Friday, while speaking about the federal government's vaccination plan, U.S. President Donald Trump said that a COVID-19 vaccine would not be delivered to "New York until we have authorization to do so." Cuomo "doesn't trust where the vaccine is coming from ... These are coming from the greatest companies anywhere in the world, greatest labs in the world, but he doesn't trust the fact that it's this White House, this administration," said Trump during a press conference from the White House Rose Garden. The governor refuted the president's claim on Friday and Saturday, saying, "It's not that people don't trust the vaccine companies, the pharmaceutical companies ... An overwhelming percentage of Americans are worried about political interference in the vaccination process and the approval process by the president." A number of states, New York included, set up a separate scientific panel that will review the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's approval to give people confidence in the vaccine approval process, he added. Meanwhile, he was quoted as saying in an official press release that the "president says he created the vaccine -- that is not a fact. There is still something called reality and truth," targeting Trump's tweet which said that "the Trump Administration has produced a great and safe VACCINE far ahead of schedule." "The federal government did not create the vaccine. Private drug companies, pharma companies are creating the vaccines. He has created problems for the vaccine because the vaccine is only relevant if people will take it, and we want people to take it," said the governor. People stroll at a park in New York, the United States, Nov. 14, 2020.(Xinhua/Wang Ying) FIFTH RECORD In the past weeks, Cuomo has repeatedly criticized the federal government's COVID-19 vaccination program, saying it relied too much on private entities and overlooked the minorities and the disadvantaged groups. The National Governors Association, which Cuomo chairs, also sent letters to the federal government for clarification and improvement of its vaccination program. As of Sunday afternoon, the Center for Systems Science and Engineering at Johns Hopkins University reported 34,016 coronavirus deaths in New York state, the worst in the country. Nationwide, an all-time high of nearly 200,000 new COVID-19 cases were reported on Thursday, setting a new record for the fifth time in a week, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 3 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 4 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 5 2,000-yr-old barn discovered in Inner Mongolia Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos CIIE showcases cultural items from around the world Scenery of Meili Snow Mountains at sunrise in Yunnan Dajue Mountain Scenic Area, popular spot for fine art majors Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Related reading NY governor refutes U.S. president's vaccine claim, gears up for more severe scenario New York state adjusts designation of COVID-19 micro-cluster focus areas New York City remaking holiday traditions amid pandemic: media EU says to purchase up to 300 mln doses of BioNTech/Pfizer vaccine S. Africa launches third COVID-19 vaccine trial Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online