Pentagon confirms troops drawdown plan in Afghanistan, Iraq - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Pentagon confirms troops drawdown plan in Afghanistan, Iraq ( Xinhua ) 08:47, November 18, 2020 Photo taken on Feb. 19, 2020 shows the Pentagon seen from an airplane over Washington D.C., the United States. (Xinhua/Liu Jie) WASHINGTON, Nov. 17 (Xinhua) -- The Pentagon on Tuesday confirmed that U.S. troops in Afghanistan and Iraq will be reduced to 2,500 level respectively by mid-January 2021. "By January 15th, 2021, our force size in Afghanistan will be 2,500 troops, our force size in Iraq will also be 2,500 by that same date," said Acting Secretary of Defense Christopher Miller at a Pentagon press briefing. Miller noted that the forces reposition plan, ordered by President Donald Trump, "is consistent with our established plans and strategic objective." Currently, there are approximately 4,500 U.S. troops in Afghanistan, and 3,000 troops in Iraq to support Iraqi forces in battles against remnants of the Islamic State, mainly for training and advisory purposes. U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell speaks during a press conference on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., the United States, Oct. 20, 2020. (Photo by Ting Shen/Xinhua) Less than an hour after the Pentagon's announcement, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters that "it is extremely important here in the next couple of months not to have any earthshaking changes with regard to defense and foreign policy." "A precipitous drawdown in either Afghanistan or Iraq would be a mistake," the top Senate Republican added. The force reduction plan came after a reshuffle of Pentagon leadership last week. Trump on Nov. 9 appointed Miller, the director of the National Counterterrorism Center, as acting defense secretary to replace former Pentagon chief Mark Esper, who reportedly had been pushing back on a premature withdrawal from Afghanistan. The war in Afghanistan, which has caused about 2,400 U.S. military deaths, is the longest one in U.S. history. Trump has long sought a full withdrawal from the country, but some of his senior aides from the military and the Pentagon suggested a condition-based withdrawal, a more cautious approach. The United States and Afghan Taliban signed an agreement in late February, which called for a full withdrawal of the U.S. military forces from Afghanistan by May 2021 if the Taliban meets the conditions of the deal, including severing ties with terrorist groups. Commander of U.S. Central Command Kenneth McKenzie said that the Taliban "had not shown conclusively that they're going to break with al-Qaeda." (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 3 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 4 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 5 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos CIIE showcases cultural items from around the world Scenery of Meili Snow Mountains at sunrise in Yunnan Dajue Mountain Scenic Area, popular spot for fine art majors Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Related reading Germany will continue to support Iraq: Merkel Chinese-donated CT scan, mobile X-ray save lives in specialized COVID-19 hospital in Iraq U.S. to reduce troop presence in Iraq, Afghanistan by November 3 militants dead in airstrike in S. Afghanistan, police officer killed in separate incidents 1 killed, 3 wounded in explosion in northern Iraq France ready to continue supporting Iraq's fight against terrorism: minister 3 rockets hit Green Zone in Iraq's Baghdad Chinese envoy calls for more support for Iraq First Chinese doctor in Afghanistan's "Chinese hospital" U.S. defense chief confirms troops in Afghanistan reduced below 5,000 in months Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online