People celebrate Gongbo New Year in Nyingchi, Tibet - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; People celebrate Gongbo New Year in Nyingchi, Tibet ( Xinhua ) 09:17, November 19, 2020 Villagers celebrate their special New Year, known as the Gongbo New Year in Baji Village of Bayi District in Nyingchi, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, Nov. 17, 2020. The local people follow the tradition to celebrate the Gongbo New Year on Oct. 1 by the Tibetan calendar, which fell on Nov. 16 this year. On the morning of Gongbo New Year's day, each Tibetan family worships the goddess of the harvest, with gifts and wine. They also sing and dance during the ritual. According to a local legend, the tradition comes from an event in ancient times when a Tibetan ruler recruited the Gongbo tribe of the Nyingchi area to fight his enemies. The ruler brought the New Year's Day forward to Oct. 1, and ordered the soldiers to have a good celebration on the eve of the war so as to arouse their morale. This custom has been handed down since then. (Xinhua/Purbu Zhaxi) 【1】 【2】 【3】 【4】 【5】 【6】 【7】 【8】 【9】 【10】 【11】 (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos CIIE showcases cultural items from around the world Scenery of Meili Snow Mountains at sunrise in Yunnan Dajue Mountain Scenic Area, popular spot for fine art majors Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Related reading Bamboo dance competition held at middle school in Hainan Official urges high-quality development of China's cultural industries Couples attend traditional wedding ceremony in Guiyang Pic story of ancient armour hobbyists in Ganzhou, Jiangxi Training of thangka painting advances poverty alleviation in Tibet In pics: traditional making technique of gold and silver ware of Baimasi Town Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online