Pic story: man checks production of pickled bamboo shoots at "Luosifen" company - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Pic story: man checks production of pickled bamboo shoots at "Luosifen" company ( Xinhua ) 09:25, November 19, 2020 Li Yongguo checks the fermentation of pickled bamboo shoots at a workshop of a "Luosifen" company in Liuzhou, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 18, 2020. Li Yongguo, 41, used to be a bamboo grower in Baise of Guangxi. He came to Liuzhou in 2008 and started making pickled bamboo shoots as a business. More than ten years of experience in making pickled bamboo shoots makes him pretty sensitive towards the smell of pickled bamboo shoots. He can even distinguish the quality of bamboos shoots simply by smelling them. Pickled bamboo shoots are an indispensable ingredient of the river snail rice noodles or "Luosifen" in Chinese, which is a specialty of Liuzhou. The rice noodles in recent years have become popular and Li is being hired to work at a "Luosifen" company thanks to his unique sense of smell. His daily work is to distinguish and report the quality of pickled bamboo shoots. Li Yongguo, who is confident about his work and his ability, is very proud of his profession. (Photo by Li Hanchi/Xinhua) 【1】 【2】 【3】 【4】 【5】 【6】 【7】 【8】 【9】 【10】 (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos CIIE showcases cultural items from around the world Scenery of Meili Snow Mountains at sunrise in Yunnan Dajue Mountain Scenic Area, popular spot for fine art majors Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Related reading FAO calls for greater efforts to curb antimicrobial resistance Wuwei City of Gansu develops edible fungus industry to increase local income Agriculture industries developed in Jiangxi Vegetables, prosperity grow on "Roof of the World" "Hunger is an outrage in a world of plenty," says UN chief Sichuanese culinary skills competition held in Sichuan Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online