Pilot killed in fighter jet crash off eastern Taiwan - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Oct 29, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Pilot killed in fighter jet crash off eastern Taiwan ( Xinhua ) 13:59, October 29, 2020 TAIPEI, Oct. 29 (Xinhua) -- An F-5E fighter jet crashed during a mission off the coast of Taitung County in eastern Taiwan Thursday morning, killing the pilot, the island's defense department said. The fighter jet crashed less than two minutes after taking off. The pilot managed to bail out and was rescued from the sea but pronounced dead in the hospital, the department said at a press conference. The pilot had reported failure of one engine shortly after taking off, but the actual cause of the accident is still under investigation, the department said. The military will suspend the operation of all F-5 fighters and start a thorough security check. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Evidence of Taiwan's status as part of China irrefutable: spokesperson No space for any separatist activity seeking "Taiwan independence": spokesperson Chinese military urges U.S. to revoke Taiwan arms sales plan China to impose sanctions on U.S. firms, individuals, entities over Taiwan arms sales Nearly half of Taiwan teens involved in cyberbullying We Recommend In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Rapid change of Shenzhen documented by correspondent with photos In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Drone light display held as part of Changchun Int'l UAV Industrial Expo Most Read 1 U.S. president's comments about Ethiopia's grand dam ignite… 2 City of entrepreneurs: Wenzhou, centre of China’s private e… 3 China urges U.S. to clarify biological militarization activ… 4 Five-Year Plan, a feature of China's governance system 5 China's Tibet eradicates absolute poverty Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online