Putin praises BRICS cooperation, calls for more efforts to fight COVID-19 - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Putin praises BRICS cooperation, calls for more efforts to fight COVID-19 ( Xinhua ) 17:28, November 18, 2020 MOSCOW, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday praised the BRICS countries for their close coordination on international and regional issues, and called for more joint efforts to fight COVID-19. Putin said this during the 12th BRICS summit hosted by Russia via video conference, which brought together the member countries of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa. Despite the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, cooperation among the BRICS states has been "actively developing" in the political, economic and humanitarian spheres, the Russian leader said. Increasing BRICS cooperation has been witnessed in science, technology and innovation, along with intensive contacts established in the academic and scientific fields, Putin said. The BRICS countries are also strengthening cooperation to combat terrorism, illegal drugs and corruption, he added. This year marks the 75th anniversary of the end of World War II, and all BRICS countries unanimously condemned the role the Nazis played in the war, Putin said. He said the BRICS countries consistently advocate the development of constructive relations with other states and organizations on the basis of respect for the United Nations Charter and norms of international law -- sovereign equality, non-interference in internal affairs and peaceful settlement of disputes. The Russian president also underlined the importance of joint anti-pandemic efforts among the BRICS countries and increased support of the BRICS Vaccine Research and Development Center, which was agreed upon two years ago at the Johannesburg summit. "The task of developing collective BRICS steps to combat infections, increase interactions between anti-epidemic departments, and protect the life and health of our citizens came to the fore," Putin said. Putin also attached significance to financial institutions in funding anti-virus efforts, praising the direct contribution of the BRICS countries toward a comprehensive package of G20 measures aimed at overcoming the negative consequences of the pandemic. "The focus is on rebuilding global value chains and the openness of international trade," Putin said. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Chinese vice premier to co-chair session of committee for regular meetings between Chinese, Russian heads of gov't Xi urges BRICS to firmly safeguard international fairness, justice Xi urges efforts to expedite building BRICS partnership on new industrial revolution Putin advocates more BRICS cooperation to fight pandemic China, BRICS partners work on COVID-19 vaccines: Xi We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online