RCEP free trade deal signed among 15 participating countries - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Sunday, Nov 15, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; RCEP free trade deal signed among 15 participating countries ( Xinhua ) 13:01, November 15, 2020 HANOI, Nov. 15 (Xinhua) -- The Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) agreement was signed among its 15 participating countries Sunday, launching the world's biggest free trade bloc. Participating countries include the 10 member countries of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and China, Japan, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand. The RCEP agreement will accelerate the building of the ASEAN economic community and thereby allow ASEAN to become dynamic and strong partners in promoting cooperation for shared prosperity, Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc said at the signing ceremony held via video conference. The 15 participating countries of the RCEP account for around 30 percent of the global population, global gross domestic product and global trade. The signing came after more than 30 rounds of negotiation, which was launched in November 2012, as well as a number of specific leaders and ministerial meetings between the participating countries. The ongoing 37th ASEAN Summit and related summits take place from Thursday to Sunday via video conferences. Founded in 1967, ASEAN groups Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam. Vietnam is the ASEAN chair for 2020. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Sheng Chuyi, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Leaders of ASEAN countries, dialogue partners to meet online with RCEP signing in sight, post-pandemic recovery in focus RCEP countries plan to hold meeting in October, aim at deal signing within this year: Vietnamese official Countries stress RCEP's importance during post-COVID recovery Interview: RCEP, China's economic rebound to assist ASEAN's post-pandemic recovery, says expert RCEP a catalyst for opening up in SW China's Guangxi RCEP breakthrough to help countries cope with risks posed by protectionism: Chinese premier Major breakthrough made in RCEP negotiations, pact to be signed in 2020 Premier envisions finishing RCEP talks Premier to attend key meetings in Manila Chinese Premier urges efforts to conclude RCEP talks this year We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 3 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 4 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 5 2,000-yr-old barn discovered in Inner Mongolia Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online