Russia plans to send 2 tourists to space next year - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Russia plans to send 2 tourists to space next year ( Xinhua ) 09:45, November 18, 2020 MOSCOW, Nov. 17 (Xinhua) -- Russia intends to send two tourists on board its Soyuz MS-20 spacecraft to the International Space Station (ISS) on Dec. 8, 2021. Setting out from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan, the travelers will spend 12 days at the ISS before returning to Earth on Dec. 20, RIA Novosti news agency reported Tuesday, citing a draft plan of flights to the ISS for 2021 developed by the Russian rocket and space corporation Energia. According to preliminary information, a Russian cosmonaut will accompany the tourists during the journey. U.S. space tourism company Space Adventures said the names of the two customers would be announced in January 2021, according to RIA Novosti. Energia and Russia's state space corporation Roscosmos, under contracts with Space Adventures, have organized several tourist trips to the Russian segment of the ISS. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Top Russian scientist eyes closer cooperation with China Russia to establish truce monitoring posts in Nagorno-Karabakh SCO members develop joint measures to boost economic cooperation amid COVID-19: Putin All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Azerbaijan accidentally downs Russian helicopter in Armenia Russian scholar says China opening-up policy benefits others Russia reports new daily record of confirmed COVID-19 cases Putin denounces deadly Vienna attack All-Russian crew to take Russia's next flight to ISS Argentina to buy 25 mln doses of Russian COVID-19 vaccine We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 3 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 4 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 5 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online