Shanghai named world's "smartest city" - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Shanghai named world's "smartest city" ( Xinhua ) 10:12, November 19, 2020 SHANGHAI, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- Shanghai was named the world's "smartest city" on Wednesday at the Smart City Expo World Congress (SCEWC), becoming the first Chinese city to win this award. The World Smart City Awards are presented annually by SCEWC to promote diversity, inclusiveness, equality, safety, and collaboration. Shanghai won the City Award category at the SCEWC this year. Stockholm won the award last year. Since 2011, the SCEWC has taken place in Barcelona every November. Due to the global COVID-19 pandemic, the SCEWC took place from Tuesday to Wednesday this year in Barcelona, Shanghai, and New York simultaneously, both online and offline. Mao Huidong, CEO of the Smart City Expo World Congress and Tomorrow.City in the Greater China area, said that the award is a comprehensive demonstration of the effectiveness and achievements of Shanghai's smart city construction in recent years. At present, Shanghai has 31,400 5G outdoor base stations and 49,800 5G indoor small stations. According to Shanghai's deputy mayor Wu Qing, Shanghai attaches great importance to the leading role of digitalization, networking, and intelligence in urban development. The city will further promote the digital transformation and strive to build a smart city that provides a sense of gain, happiness and security to its residents. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Int'l travel fair kicks off in Shanghai Highlights of Lumieres Shanghai 2020 Shanghai's Pudong: Development and Opening-Up CSL: Beijing Guoan vs. Shanghai SIPG "One integrated license" to be piloted in Pudong New Area to further spur market vitality We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online