Social isolation makes more young people vulnerable to radicalization: UK police - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Social isolation makes more young people vulnerable to radicalization: UK police ( Xinhua ) 08:24, November 19, 2020 A man wearing a face mask walks on a street in London, Britain, on Nov. 12, 2020. (Xinhua/Han Yan) "We are seeing more young people being drawn towards terrorist activity," said the head of Counter Terrorism Policing, Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu. LONDON, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- The impact of COVID-19, social isolation and a rise in hateful extremism online are creating a "perfect storm", making more young people vulnerable to radicalization and other forms of grooming, Britain's Counter Terrorism Police (CTP) said Wednesday. Between Jan. 1, 2019 and June 30, 2020, 17 children have been arrested in relation to terrorism offenses and some were as young as 14 years old, said the police. "In the same time period, more than 1,500 children under the age of 15 were referred to the Prevent program to help them choose a different path, away from hatred and violence," it added. "We are seeing more young people being drawn towards terrorist activity," said the head of Counter Terrorism Policing, Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu. The ACT Early, a new safeguarding website, provides advice, guidance and support for anyone who is concerned that someone they know may be at risk from being radicalized, he noted. "COVID-19 has meant that vulnerable people are spending a lot more time isolated and online, and with fewer of the protective factors that schooling, employment, friends and family can provide," he said. Photo taken on Nov. 5, 2020 shows empty streets in Manchester, Britain.(Photo by Jon Super/Xinhua) (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos CIIE showcases cultural items from around the world Scenery of Meili Snow Mountains at sunrise in Yunnan Dajue Mountain Scenic Area, popular spot for fine art majors Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Related reading Over 750,000 kids in England, Wales face online bullying: survey Red lines remain unchanged in talks with EU: senior UK official UK market analyst hails signing of RCEP UK health secretary urges vigilance amid vaccine hopes EU fully "determined" to reach agreement with UK: spokesperson Coronavirus cases reach record levels in divided London Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online