Suining in SW China: Hometown of renowned Tang poet Chen Zi’ang - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Friday, Oct 30, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Suining in SW China: Hometown of renowned Tang poet Chen Zi’ang By He Zhuoyan, Emily Holder, Li Yan, Chen Si, Yu Yang ( People's Daily Online ) 16:59, October 30, 2020 Soaked in the rhythm of the guzheng, a plucked instrument in China dating back over 2,000 years ago, poets in ancient China often composed ever-lasting classic poems just as graceful as the melodies of the era. Shehong, a county-level city in Suining, southwest China’s Sichuan province, is the hometown of Chen Zi'ang, a poet from the early Tang Dynasty (AD 618-907). Baijiu was often incorporated in composing poems in Tang Dynasty. (People's Daily Online/ He Zhuoyan) Working as a government official, the well-being of people and the development of the country was always on Chen Zi’ang’s mind. With many of his poems still carrying great significance for the world today, as a poet he helped bring to life a new style of poetry that later influenced generations of poets, such as Li Bai (AD 701-762) and Du Fu (AD 712–770) , from the golden age of Tang poetry. A traditional calligrapher paints an ancient Chinese poem. (People's Daily Online/ He Zhuoyan) Li Bai, dubbed as the Poet Immortal, and his friend Du Fu, referred to as the Poet Sage in China, were the two most prominent figures in the flourishing of Chinese poetry during the Tang dynasty, which is often called the "Golden Age of Chinese Poetry.” As the popularity of drinking baijiu, a strong, colorless Chinese liquor, increased among those involved in the arts, poets during the golden era are known to have mixed this Chinese liquor with the making of their works, further freeing their creative spirit. Poets during the golden era of the Tang Dynasty often drank Baijiu to further free their creative spirit. (People's Daily Online/ He Zhuoyan) With a cultural tourism attraction themed on Chen Zi’ang’s hometown and a cultural square reflecting his cultural heritage, Shehong hosts an International Poetry Week event to carry forward and preserve the culture of poetry. Chen Zi’ang’s hometown is a national 4A-level tourism attraction in China. From January to October 2020, it received 60,000 tourists, realizing a ticket revenue of 277,000 yuan. Producing numerous classic works, Chen Zi’ang has become an emblem of Shehong. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Hongyu, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 City of entrepreneurs: Wenzhou, centre of China’s private e… 2 U.S. president's comments about Ethiopia's grand dam ignite… 3 14th Five-Year Plan showcases democratic policy-making 4 China's Tibet eradicates absolute poverty 5 To vigorously carry forward the great spirit of the War to … Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Over 4 mln sampled for COVID-19 tests in east China city In pics: full moon seen across world Professional team maintain Shenzhen's nuclear power plant In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Related reading Travel agency business mostly resumed in virus-hit Hubei Tourism in speedy recovery as trans-provincial group tours resume Wuhan tops travelers' wish lists in 2020 China reports 48-pct drop in railway trips during holiday Discover China: Tourism blossoms at former site of wartime university Full coverage We Are China (PC) We Are China (MP) Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online