Suining: Hub of the Chengdu-Chongqing economic circle - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Friday, Nov 13, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Suining: Hub of the Chengdu-Chongqing economic circle By Yu Yang, He Zhuoyan, Emily Holder, Chen Si, Li Yan ( People's Daily Online ) 13:00, November 13, 2020 Following the proposal and development of the plan to construct the Chengdu-Chongqing economic circle, Suining, an important town located in the central part of southwest China's Sichuan province, has sped up its transformation as a hub linking Chengdu and Chongqing, and has also become a city with a strong green economy. On October 16, the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee held a meeting to consider the outline of the plan for the construction of the Chengdu-Chongqing economic circle. At the meeting, it was pointed out that promoting the development of the Chengdu-Chongqing economic circle will help with the formation of a regional economic layout with complementary advantages and high-quality development. Suining, an important node city and "geographical center" of the Chengdu-Chongqing economic circle, is located in the main axis of urban development in Sichuan, and possesses significant geographical advantages. Suining attaches great importance to building a land-port type national logistics hub. Meanwhile, with regard to promoting the construction of the Chengdu-Chongqing economic circle in the Suining high-tech zone, the 10th plenary session of the seventh municipal CPC committee put forward the concept of "building the leading area of a modern logistics hub and the agglomeration zone of high-tech industries in the adjacent areas of Sichuan and Chongqing". Li Jie, deputy general manager of Sichuan Western Logistics Co., Ltd., a leading enterprise in the high-tech zone, said in an interview that the western railway logistics park has received strong support from the municipal Party committee and the high-tech zone’s Party work committee. At present, the railway logistics park is actively cooperating with the Suining municipal government to open a Suining train route for the new land-sea passage, which will contribute to the establishment of a logistics service center in Chengdu and Chongqing and the overall opening of the region. In addition to giving full play to its basic regional advantages and focusing on the development of the logistics industry, Suining city is also attaching great importance to its own economy, and has seen the emergence of a number of leading enterprises. One of them is Sichuan JAC Automobile Co., Ltd., which was listed as one of the 50 key projects in Sichuan province and an enterprise seen by the Sichuan provincial government as essential in attracting investment. With a total investment of 1.1 billion yuan, the company holds production qualifications for three types of vehicles: light trucks, medium trucks and engineering vehicles, with production capacity of two shifts able to reach 60,000 units. "The development of the new energy automobile industry is in line with the strategic direction of the green economy put forward by the Suining municipal Party committee and municipal government, said Xu Yong, deputy director of the Suining municipal bureau of economy and information technology. Xu added that Suining has actively cultivated and promoted the development of the new energy vehicle industry. At present, it has initially built a relatively complete industrial chain from basic lithium electricity and power batteries to new energy light trucks. As early as 2007, the Suining municipal Party committee and municipal government began proactively exploring the road toward green transformation. After more than 10 years of exploration, green development has become the most distinctive feature of Suining’s urban development. During this process, Suining has been awarded such titles as National Civilized City, Global Green City, and one of the Top 10 Most Liveable Cities in China. It has successfully launched pilot projects in the construction of a national water-conserving city and a national water ecological civilization city. In 2019, Suining's GDP reached 134.57 billion yuan, an increase of 8.1 percent over the same period last year, ranking second in the province. The general public budget revenue was 6.927 billion yuan, an increase of 8.5 percent, ranking third in the province. The city has blazed a new trail in ecological, cyclic, low-carbon and efficient green development. Suining, an "important town in central Sichuan" and a city that is pioneering green ecological development, is actively making the most of its geographical advantages, seizing the opportunities of the times, and moving towards the international stage. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Hongyu, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 2 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 3 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 4 2,000-yr-old barn discovered in Inner Mongolia 5 Vlog: Emily's bite of CIIE Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Over 4 mln sampled for COVID-19 tests in east China city In pics: full moon seen across world Professional team maintain Shenzhen's nuclear power plant In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Related reading China enriches Russian dinner tables with fresh vegetables in winter China's Singles' Day shopping spree injects impetus into global economy Singles' Day sales on Tmall tops 74 bln USD Wuhan holds world health expo following epidemic Quality Argentine goods join shopping spree in China with high hopes Malaysia's trade promoting agency signs MoU with China's ICBC to strengthen bilateral trade Full coverage We Are China (PC) We Are China (MP) Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online