Three ex-lawmakers in Hong Kong arrested over disturbing LegCo order - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Three ex-lawmakers in Hong Kong arrested over disturbing LegCo order ( Xinhua ) 15:36, November 18, 2020 HONG KONG, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- Hong Kong police on Wednesday said they arrested three men who allegedly created disturbance that had interrupted the proceedings of the Legislative Council (LegCo) earlier this year. They were suspected of committing the crime of contempts according to the Legislative Council (Powers and Privileges) Ordinance and the crime of administering or attempting to administer noxious thing with intent to injure, aggrieve, or annoy others according to the Offences against the Person Ordinance, the police said. Local media said the suspects are former opposition lawmakers Ted Hui, Raymond Chan and Chu Hoi-dick. The police said they received calls from the LegCo secretariat on May 28 and June 4, reporting that some people splashed foul-smelling liquid to the rostrum. There were two people reporting physical discomfort on May 28. The case was followed up by the investigative team of the police. After consultations with the Department of Justice, the police arrested the three people on Wednesday. The second and third readings of the National Anthem Bill were held at the LegCo chamber on May 28 and June 4, respectively. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Hong Kong to tighten testing, isolation arrangements for inbound consular, diplomatic officers Stock Connect between Hong Kong, mainland celebrates 6th anniversary with record trading Legal forum held in Hong Kong to mark 30th anniversary of promulgation of Basic Law China specifies rules for copyright ownership China concludes agreements with 81 countries on anti-graft cooperation DPP slammed for attacking, slandering decision on Hong Kong legislators We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online