To vigorously carry forward the great spirit of the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Saturday, Oct 24, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; To vigorously carry forward the great spirit of the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea ( People's Daily ) 09:52, October 24, 2020 Ding Lanquan, from Luyang district, Hefei, east China's Anhui province, who participated in the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea, showcases his memorial medal that marks the 70th anniversary of the Chinese People's Volunteers entering the Democratic People's Republic of Korea to fight in the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea, Oct. 20. (Photo by Ge Chuanhong/People's Daily Online) This year marks the 70th anniversary of the Chinese People's Volunteers (CPV) army entering the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) to help in the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea. When the timeframes of China's two centenary goals converge, to review the immortal historic contributions of the CPV, pay tribute to the CPV soldiers who wrote a splendid chapter to protect their country and set a glorious example of “the weak vanquishing the strong” in the history of human warfare, and vigorously foster the great spirit demonstrated by the CPV army in the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea, is of huge significance for encouraging and mobilizing the Party, the military and the people to brave thorny paths and forge ahead in the new era. “The victory in the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea was a victory of justice, a victory of peace and a victory of the people,” Chinese President Xi Jinping said recently. The war, which happened 70 years ago, was forced upon the Chinese people by invading imperialism. After the U.S. repeatedly ignored the warning from the Chinese government, brazenly started the war against Korea and even attacked the territory of the People’s Republic of China (PRC), the Communist Party of China (CPC) and the Chinese government resolutely made the historic decision to resist the aggression of the U.S., aid Korea and protect its homeland, shouldering the historic mission of safeguarding peace with indomitable courage. It was the first large regional war with international influence after the World War II. Holding high the banner of justice, the heroic CPV soldiers gallantly fought side by side with the DPRK people and army and won a great victory after two years and nine months on the battle grounds. It was a war of justice to safeguard peace and resist aggression. It carried forward the revolutionary spirit of the CPC and the army, further tested the army with cruel combats, reinforced the prestige of the PRC and the army, and created a military miracle that astonished the world. The War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea was a magnificent song of triumph that fully demonstrated the firm resolution and powerful strength of the Chinese nation to defy brutal forces and safeguard world peace. It greatly improved China’s status in the international society, encouraged the just cause of the oppressed nations and peoples around the world to pursue national independence and liberation, and made huge contribution to world peace and human progress. Drawing experiences from history helps shaping a better future. Since the victory of the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea, enormous changes have happened in China. The CPC, leading the Chinese people of all ethnic groups with perseverance and strenuous efforts, has created remarkable development achievements and successfully built a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics. At present, the socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era, and the country is also about to complete poverty alleviation and building a moderately prosperous society in all respects, embracing a prosperous future for the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. The world is going through unprecedented changes unseen in a century, and China is in a critical period for realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. The CPC is uniting the Chinese people and leading them to carry out great struggles with many new historical features. Commemorating the 70th anniversary of the CPV entering the DPRK to fight in the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea calls on the country to review history and plan the future with developmental and long-term thinking, better draw experiences from history, and gather powerful strength for realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. The War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea was a just war, and that was the source of power of the CPV soldiers and the fundamental reason for their victory. The war received sympathy, support and assistance from the peace-loving countries and people of the world, and the CPV army, with its just cause, finally won the victory, destroyed the plan of imperial expansion, and safeguarded the peace of Asia and even the world at large. The Chinese people love and cherish peace. They take safeguarding world peace and opposing hegemony and power politics as their sacred responsibility. They firmly oppose resorting to threat of military force for solving international disputes, and interfering in other countries’ domestic affairs under the name of the so-called democracy, freedom and human rights. The country will remain committed to the leadership of the CPC, socialism with Chinese characteristics, people-centered philosophy of development, and the path of peaceful development. It will stand at the right side of history and by the international justice, so as to make unremitted efforts for building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and securing a great success of socialism with Chinese characteristics for a new era, and make greater contribution to safeguarding world peace and building a community with a shared future for mankind. Xi, also general secretary of the CPC Central Committee, called the great spirit forged during the war a "precious spiritual wealth" that will inspire the Chinese people and the Chinese nation to overcome all difficulties and obstacles, and prevail over all enemies. The great spirit reflects the lofty ideal of the CPC and the Chinese army, demonstrates the traditional merits and characters of the Chinese nation, and showcases China's national spirit with patriotism at its core. The country will face all kinds of challenges and risks in its future development, as well as various barriers. It must learn from the history of the CPC, the PRC, the reform and opening-up and the socialist development, vigorously carry forward the spirit of the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea, stay true to its original aspiration, remain confident in achieving victory, be ready to fight, enhance its abilities, so as to march toward its second centenary goal with firm resolution and courage to overcome all difficulties. The victory of the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea proves that a nation, which is awakened and dares to fight for its glory, independence and security, is undefeatable. The Chinese people will never allow anyone or any force to impose its wills upon China, change the direction of the country’s development, or hinder their efforts to create a better life. History will prove that the historical steps of the Chinese nation toward its great rejuvenation are unstoppable. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Liu Ning, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 Building community of health for all critical to dealing wi… 2 Xi stresses advancing development of quantum science and te… 3 Baidu's self-driving taxis start passenger services in Beij… 4 Xi stresses carrying forward China's volunteers army's spir… 5 Heihe: an urban gem on the China-Russia border Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos Over 4 mln sampled for COVID-19 tests in east China city In pics: full moon seen across world Professional team maintain Shenzhen's nuclear power plant In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Rapid change of Shenzhen documented by correspondent with photos Farmers enjoy harvest in N China In historical feat, Tibet eliminates absolute poverty Autumn scenery in Ordos, Inner Mongolia Aerial view of Shenzhen, S China Drone light display held as part of Changchun Int'l UAV Industrial Expo Related reading DPRK leader pays tribute to Chinese People's Volunteers martyrs S. Korea's ruling party chief hopes for breakthrough in ties with DPRK next year Chinese defense minister holds phone talk with ROK counterpart S. Korea to resume tour program to inter-Korean border village in November S.Korea's Moon calls for Japan's Suga to find optimal solution to WWII forced labor issue S. Korea reports 58 more COVID-19 cases, 14,150 in total China stands for resolving Korean Peninsula issue through dialogue: senior diplomat DPRK fires unidentified projectile towards East Sea: S.Korea Traditional Korean folk dance show held in Kuwait Chinese premier meets ROK prime minister Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online