Turkish parliament approves deployment of troops in Azerbaijan - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Turkish parliament approves deployment of troops in Azerbaijan ( Xinhua ) 09:09, November 18, 2020 ANKARA, Nov. 17 (Xinhua) -- The Turkish Parliament Tuesday passed a motion to allow the deployment of Turkish troops in Azerbaijan for monitoring a cease-fire agreement over the Nagorno-Karabakh region. The motion gives the government a one-year mandate to send the troops whose number will be determined by the president. The text noted the establishment of a "Joint Center" of Russia and Turkey to observe the cease-fire and said the Turkish Armed Forces personnel and civilian personnel, if required, will participate in the activities of the center. The motion aims to "fulfill the commitment under the Strategic Partnership and Mutual Assistance Treaty between Azerbaijan and Turkey, the establishment of a cease-fire, prevention of violations, ensuring peace and stability in the region in order to effectively protect the higher interests of Turkey." The deployment is also considered necessary for Turkey's national interests, said the motion. Armenia and Azerbaijan have been at loggerheads over the mountainous region of Nagorno-Karabakh since 1988. The latest round of armed conflict broke out in the region in September, causing heavy casualties and property losses. Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Russian President Vladimir Putin issued a joint statement on Nov. 10, agreeing on a complete cease-fire in Nagorno-Karabakh. Russian and Turkish defense ministers later signed a memorandum on the establishment of a joint center to monitor the Azerbaijan-Armenia cease-fire. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 3 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 4 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 5 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online