U.S. reports record daily increase of over 140,000 COVID-19 cases - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Friday, Nov 13, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; U.S. reports record daily increase of over 140,000 COVID-19 cases ( Xinhua ) 08:20, November 13, 2020 A woman wearing a face mask is seen in the Georgetown neighbourhood in Washington, D.C., the United States, on Oct. 30, 2020. (Photo by Ting Shen/Xinhua) The United States has witnessed the most critical week as major COVID-19 metrics including the daily case increase, seven-day average daily increase and hospitalizations kept setting new records. WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (Xinhua) -- The United States reported 143,408 new COVID-19 cases Wednesday, a record daily increase since the onset of the pandemic in the country, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said Thursday. The new number refreshed the previous nationwide record of 134,383 cases set in previous day, pushing the seven-day average daily increase to a record high of 121,496 cases, according to latest CDC data. A total of 1,479 deaths from the coronavirus were recorded nationwide on Wednesday, bringing the seven-day average death increase to 1,134, the highest since early August, according to CDC data. It marked the eighth consecutive day that the daily case count had surpassed 100,000. The country has witnessed the most critical week as major COVID-19 metrics including the daily case increase, seven-day average daily increase and hospitalizations kept setting new records. A vendor waits for customer at a winter fair in New York, the United States, Nov. 9, 2020. (Xinhua/Wang Ying) With 875,401 new cases, one in 378 Americans tested positive for COVID-19 this week, according to the weekly update of The COVID Tracking Project. Across the country, confirmed cases are up 41 percent, hospitalizations up 20 percent and deaths up 23 percent, according to the tracking project. A total of 73,883 new child cases were reported last week in the United States, which is the highest weekly increase since the pandemic began, bringing total child COVID-19 cases to over 920,000, according to the latest data of the American Academy of Pediatrics and the Children's Hospital Association. Record numbers of cases and hospitalizations brought unprecedented pressure to healthcare systems around the country, which experts warned are approaching a breaking point. The United States has recorded more than 10,513,000 cases with more than 242,500 related deaths as of Thursday afternoon, according to the real-time count kept by Johns Hopkins University. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 2 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 3 2,000-yr-old barn discovered in Inner Mongolia 4 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 5 Vlog: Emily's bite of CIIE Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Over 4 mln sampled for COVID-19 tests in east China city In pics: full moon seen across world Professional team maintain Shenzhen's nuclear power plant In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Related reading U.S. reports record daily increase of 134,383 COVID-19 cases U.S. cultural infiltration threatens global security ASEAN summit kicks off, highlights post-COVID-19 recovery China's Qingdao cleared of COVID-19 cases Chinese mainland reports one new locally transmitted COVID-19 case China's Xinjiang reports no new COVID-19 cases S. African president issues warning against COVID-19 resurgence Hong Kong residents in Guangdong, Macao can return without quarantine from late November Central Chinese city reports one imported asymptomatic COVID-19 case U.S. COVID-19 hospitalizations hit all-time high Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online