U.S. approves first self-administered COVID-19 test - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; U.S. approves first self-administered COVID-19 test ( Xinhua ) 17:02, November 18, 2020 WASHINGTON, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) said on Tuesday that it had authorized the country's first COVID-19 diagnostic kit for self-testing at home. Users can collect a sample with nasal swabs included in the all-in-one test kit and swirl the swab in a vial. In at most 30 minutes, the results -- whether a person is positive or negative for the novel coronavirus -- can be read from the test unit's light-up display, the FDA said in a statement. The test kit, made by Lucira Health, has been authorized for home use for individuals aged 14 and older who are suspected of COVID-19 by their health care provider. The test can also be used in point-of-care (POC) settings -- emergency rooms or hospitals for example -- for all ages, but samples of those younger than 14 must be collected by a healthcare provider, the FDA said. "While COVID-19 diagnostic tests have been authorized for at-home collection, this is the first that can be fully self-administered and provide results at home," FDA Commissioner Stephen M. Hahn said. The single-use test is currently authorized for prescription use only. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Meng Bin, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Germany tallies 833,307 COVID-19 cases Los Angeles to tighten pandemic restrictions amid COVID-19 surge E-retailing back to pre-COVID-19 levels in China's poverty-stricken counties Over 7.5 million people sampled for COVID-19 testing in Qingdao Over 4 mln sampled for COVID-19 tests in east China city We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online