U.S. imposes massive sanctions against Iranian officials, entities - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; U.S. imposes massive sanctions against Iranian officials, entities ( Xinhua ) 10:16, November 19, 2020 WASHINGTON, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- The United States on Wednesday slapped fresh sanctions against Iranian officials and a patronage network allegedly related to the leadership, the latest action to reinforce its maximum pressure campaign against Tehran. The Treasury Department said in a statement that it had designated the Islamic Revolution Mostazafan Foundation, along with its leadership and 50 subsidiaries in sectors including energy, mining, and financial services. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in the statement that Iran's supreme leader used the foundation to "reward his allies under the pretense of charity." Mahmoud Alavi, the head of Iran's Ministry of Intelligence and Security, and two officers of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps are also on the blacklist. According to the statement, all property and interests of the property of targeted individuals and entities in the United States have been blocked, and U.S. persons are generally prohibited from transactions with them. In a separate statement, U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo threatened more U.S. sanctions to follow. "Throughout the coming weeks and months, we will impose new sanctions on Iran, including using our nuclear, counterterrorism, and human rights authorities." Iran urged Washington to cease economic war against Tehran. Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif tweeted last month that "more economic warfare against Iran will bring the U.S. less - and not more - influence." In May 2018, U.S. President Donald Trump pulled his country out of the Iranian nuclear deal, also known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), and reimposed harsh sanctions against Iran. In response, Tehran has gradually dropped some of its JCPOA commitments since May 2019. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading U.S. COVID-19 deaths top 250,000 -- Johns Hopkins University Hate crime murders hit new high in U.S.: FBI data Boy Scouts of America faces 92,700 sexual abuse claims: media Trump to order further drawdown from Afghanistan, Iraq: media WHO "extremely concerned" by surge in COVID-19 cases in Europe, Americas We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online