UK PM pledges to ban sales of new petrol, diesel cars by 2030 - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; UK PM pledges to ban sales of new petrol, diesel cars by 2030 ( Xinhua ) 10:09, November 19, 2020 LONDON, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- Britain will ban the sale of new petrol and diesel cars by 2030, five year earlier than its previous plan, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said Wednesday. Unveiling his 10-point plan for a "green industrial revolution", Johnson said Britain will mobilize more than 12 billion pounds (around 15.9 billion U.S. dollars) of government investment, alongside three times that amount from the private sector by 2030, to build up "the green economy" backing up to 250,000 jobs. "Although this year has taken a very different path to the one we expected, the UK is looking to the future and seizing the opportunity to build back greener," said Johnson. His announcement came one year before the 26th UN Climate Change Conference (COP26), slated for November 2021 in Glasgow, which has been postponed due to the coronavirus pandemic. Under the 10-point plan, Johnson vowed to develop 40 gigawatts of offshore wind power and generate five gigawatts of "low carbon" hydrogen capacity by 2030, among others. Commenting on the fresh outlines, Mike Hawes, chief executive of the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders, said the sector is pleased to see government accepting the importance of hybrid transition technologies, adding that "we will now work with government on the detail of this plan". Britain made a legally binding commitment in June last year to bring greenhouse gas emissions to net zero by 2050. In February 2020, Johnson once said that Britain was to put an end to the sale of petrol and diesel vehicles from 2040 to 2035. "The recovery of our planet and of our economies can and must go hand-in-hand," said Johnson, as the country has been significantly hit by the pandemic and currently is introducing further lockdown measures. To bring life back to normal, countries, such as Britain, China, Germany, Russia and the United States, are racing against time to develop coronavirus vaccines. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Beijing turns coal mines into forests to lift urban environment Social isolation makes more young people vulnerable to radicalization: UK police 3 years on, grassroot river chief gives watercourse facelift Over 750,000 kids in England, Wales face online bullying: survey Govt helps more than 14,000 fishermen affected by fishing ban in Yangtze We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online