UN to set up temporary peacekeeping bases in region of South Sudan - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; UN to set up temporary peacekeeping bases in region of South Sudan ( Xinhua ) 09:36, November 18, 2020 JUBA, Nov. 17 (Xinhua) -- The United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) said on Tuesday it plans to set up temporary peacekeeping bases in the Jonglei region to help end inter-ethnic skirmishes. David Shearer, special representative of the UN secretary-general for South Sudan said the UN peacekeeping mission will need to locate their troops and staff to promote reconciliation and rebuilding in regions affected by conflict. "So over the coming weeks in cooperation with security services, we will begin deploying peacekeepers to place like Manyabol, Likongule, Duk Padiat, Yuai, and Waat to set up temporary bases or conduct extended long-distance patrols," Shearer told reporters in Juba. He said the UN mission's seventh engineering contingents from countries including Bangladesh, China and Pakistan will commence a major road rehabilitation project during the dry season to help the troops patrol with ease. "On this note, we are well underway with planning for UNMISS' operations during the coming dry season. As you know, our approach to the protection of civilians is about being proactive, robust and nimble," Shearer said. The Jonglei region bordering Ethiopia to the east has long been plagued by ethnic fighting over cattle grazing grounds and access to water. It has been an epicenter of cattle rustling between the Nuer, Murle and Dinka communities who often carry out retaliatory attacks against each other. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Xian Jiangnan, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading UN chief urges G20 to fill financing gap of 28 bln USD needed to fund ACT-Accelerator China ready to help bring long-term peace to Sahel region: envoy "Hunger is an outrage in a world of plenty," says UN chief RCEP could give "significant boost" to FDI in the region: UNCTAD UN chief calls for great leap towards carbon neutrality UN to mobilize global coalition for carbon neutrality next year: Guterres UNAOC chief condemns attack at ceremony of French consulate in Saudi Arabia Chinese peacekeepers donate supplies to South Sudan's police for COVID-19 fight UNHCR aids 50,000 Afghan refugee families affected by COVID-19 in Pakistan Chinese doctors in South Sudan step up knowledge transfer drive We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 3 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 4 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 5 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online