Village in Yunnan boosts tourism and protects environment through wedding photo industry - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Village in Yunnan boosts tourism and protects environment through wedding photo industry ( People's Daily Online ) 16:39, November 18, 2020 Scenery of Blue Moon Valley in Lijiang. (Photo/Li Xiaochao) At the eastern foot of the lofty Yulong (Jade Dragon) Snow Mountain in Lijiang, southwest China’s Yunnan province, couples posing for their wedding dress photos have become a common new scene at the beautiful Blue Moon Valley in Jiazi village, Yulong Naxi autonomous county of Lijiang. “In 2019, a total of 27,000 couples had their wedding costume photos taken in Blue Moon Valley. With each couple paying 660 yuan ($100.7) for the photos, we achieved a gross income of more than 19 million yuan from the business. 7.5 million yuan of the income was distributed among villagers, and each person got 3,000 yuan on average,” He Shijian, secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Jiazi village committee, told People’s Daily Online. Jiazi village, which is home to 2,495 villagers from 635 households in 19 villagers’ groups, set up a wedding dress photography company in 2016 to take full advantage of the locality’s gorgeous scenery, He disclosed. The model for the development of the collective economy not only avoided problems common to the tourism industry such as environmental pollution and arbitrary charges, but also boosted the growth of the village’s collective economy and realized win-win results for the tourism industry and environmental and ecological protection. Thanks to the wedding dress photography company and the development of the local tourism industry, Jiazi village’s per capita net income has exceeded 27,000 yuan, suggested statistics. This year, the village was recognized as one of the famous tourist villages in Yunnan province. 【1】 【2】 【3】 【4】 【5】 【6】 【7】 【8】 (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Hongyu, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos CIIE showcases cultural items from around the world Scenery of Meili Snow Mountains at sunrise in Yunnan Dajue Mountain Scenic Area, popular spot for fine art majors Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Related reading Heartwarming wedding photos of senior Chinese couple go viral Couples in Hunan take wedding photos on cliff face Photographer takes wedding photos for his elderly grandparents Breath-taking images capture newlyweds in dreamy locations Young couples take wedding photos on suspension bridge in SW China 365 Days, 56 Styles, and 1 Time Journey for Newlywed Couple Chinese couple plans wedding photos in costumes of 56 ethnic groups Tibetan couple's wedding photos an Internet hit Tibetan couple's wedding photos become hot topic on Wechat Policemen's cool wedding photos become internet hit Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online