Volunteers born after 2000 shine in the 3rd CIIE - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Friday, Nov 13, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Volunteers born after 2000 shine in the 3rd CIIE ( People's Daily Online ) 13:45, November 13, 2020 Volunteers born after 2000 have become the backbone of the third China International Import Expo (CIIE), which concluded on Nov. 10, making great contributions to the grand global trade fair. Among all the 4,000 “little leaves" –volunteers of the event, 2,637 were born after 2000, accounting for 54 percent of the total, according to the Shanghai municipal committee of the Communist Youth League. Volunteer Zhu Meiting (Photo courtesy of the Shanghai municipal committee of the Communist Youth League) The nickname "little leaves" came from the shape of the CIIE venue, the National Exhibition and Convention Center in Shanghai, as it resembles a huge four-leaf clover. They engaged in a wide variety of work, including consultation and guidance, disseminating information on epidemic prevention and control, and first aid. The smiles on their faces and their careful and hard efforts became an eye-catching scene of the six-day event. Although they are quite young, some have attended the CIIE as volunteers for three consecutive years. Zhu Meiting from Shanghai Vocational College of Agriculture and Forestry was one of them. The veteran volunteer worked as a guide this year, while in the first and second CIIE she helped maintain order at the airport and engaged in catering. As her experience has accumulated over the years, she has gained a sense of achievement and responsibility, with new “little leaves” turning to her for help. “When they learned about my age, they were pretty surprised,” she said proudly, “the CIIE is improving year by year, and so is the work of the volunteers. I feel like I am growing up with the CIIE,” Zhu added. Volunteer Tao Zui (Photo courtesy of the Shanghai municipal committee of the Communist Youth League) Many of the young volunteers’ connection with the annual event started with their beloved family members. Tao Zui, a student of Shanghai University of Engineering Science, came from a “CIIE family.” Tao’s father was engaged in the preparation work, her uncle set up a booth in the venue, and her mother, a doctor of traditional Chinese medicine, provided medical services for the event and shared the latest epidemic prevention and control information with them. Although they all worked for the CIIE, they hardly had the chance to meet each other at the venue. However, Tao said she became energetic again when she thought about her family members who were also busying working for the event even if her work could be very exhausting sometimes. The “little leaves” are not just volunteers of the CIIE. They incorporated their own development into the development of the country, as some of them are also demobilized military officers, poverty alleviation volunteers, volunteers participating in a volunteer teaching program, and volunteers in the fight against the COVID-19 epidemic. In this extraordinary year, they have left their mark in their own way. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Hongyu, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Ericsson: CIIE shows China's commitment to open global economy Xi forges CIIE into top trade platform powering world economy Global 5G innovations shine at third CIIE Commentary: CIIE shares opportunities, boosts confidence China endeavors to open up new vistas for win-win cooperation Syngenta debuts at CIIE, vows to back China's farming modernization Italy's Fincantieri, China's CSSC begin work on luxury "mega" cruise ship Infographic: Third CIIE by the numbers At CIIE, foreign enterprises show more interest, confidence in Chinese market CIIE draws rosy picture for traditional farmers' paintings Full coverage CIIE We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 2 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 3 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 4 2,000-yr-old barn discovered in Inner Mongolia 5 Vlog: Emily's bite of CIIE Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online