Xi proposes BRICS solutions for combating COVID-19, reviving world economy - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Wednesday, Nov 18, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Xi proposes BRICS solutions for combating COVID-19, reviving world economy ( Xinhua ) 08:35, November 18, 2020 Chinese President Xi Jinping attends the 12th BRICS summit via video link in Beijing, capital of China, Nov. 17, 2020. Xi delivered an important speech at the summit. (Xinhua/Li Xueren) -- "History teaches us that multilateralism, equity and justice can keep war and conflict at bay, while unilateralism and power politics will inflate dispute and confrontation," Xi said. -- China has joined the COVAX facility and will actively consider providing vaccines to BRICS countries where there is a need, Xi said. -- Xi said China will work with other parties to flesh out the BRICS partnership on the new industrial revolution at a faster pace, citing upcoming measures including the launch of an innovation center in Xiamen, Fujian Province for such partnership. -- Xi said the world can "count on China" to keep its promise of peaking carbon dioxide emissions by 2030 and achieving carbon neutrality by 2060. Chinese President Xi Jinping Tuesday called on BRICS countries to uphold multilateralism and work in solidarity to overcome global challenges including the COVID-19 pandemic and a virus-hit world economy. Addressing the 12th BRICS summit via video link in Beijing, Xi took swipes at the rising protectionism, unilateralism and acts of bullying, as well as stigmatization and scapegoating amid the pandemic. Proposing solutions for reviving the economy, including low-carbon development, Xi said the world can count on China to keep its promise of achieving carbon neutrality by 2060. The virtual summit of the emerging-market bloc that groups Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa was convened as COVID-19 continues to rage across the globe, sickening 55 million people worldwide, killing 1.3 million and battering the world economy. According to a prediction by the International Monetary Fund, the world economy will shrink by 4.4 percent this year, and emerging markets and developing countries will experience negative growth for the first time in 60 years. The BRICS countries are home to over 40 percent of the world population and about one-fourth of the world economy. MULTILATERALISM FOR PEACE, STABILITY Xi enumerated a series of challenges the world is facing, including the pandemic, shrinking international trade and investment, a global recession, unilateralism, protectionism, acts of bullying and widening deficit in governance, trust, development, and peace. "Despite all this, we remain convinced that the theme of our times -- peace and development -- has not changed, and that the trend toward multipolarity and economic globalization cannot be turned around," he said. "History teaches us that multilateralism, equity and justice can keep war and conflict at bay, while unilateralism and power politics will inflate dispute and confrontation," Xi said. "Flouting rules and laws, treading the path of unilateralism and bullying, and withdrawing from international organizations and agreements run counter to the will of the general public and trample on the legitimate rights and dignity of all nations," he said. Xi called on the BRICS countries to hold high the banner of multilateralism, endeavour to safeguard the UN-centered international system and the international order underpinned by international law. The BRICS countries need to champion the concept of common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security, Xi said, urging the bloc to oppose interference in others' internal affairs, as well as unilateral sanctions and "long-arm jurisdiction." Chinese President Xi Jinping attends the 12th BRICS summit via video link in Beijing, capital of China, Nov. 17, 2020. Xi delivered an important speech at the summit. (Xinhua/Ding Lin) SOLIDARITY, COORDINATION TO DEFEAT COVID-19 Noting that the coronavirus is still causing havoc in many places, Xi warned that securing a worldwide victory against the pandemic remains an "uphill journey." Xi stressed the imperative to step up international coordination and response and support the World Health Organization's crucial leadership role in this endeavor. Chinese companies are working with their Russian and Brazilian partners on phase-three clinical trials of vaccines, and China is prepared to cooperate with South Africa and India as well. China has joined the COVAX facility and will actively consider providing vaccines to BRICS countries where there is a need, Xi said. To support the development of a BRICS vaccine R&amp;D center, China has designated its own national center and will work with other BRICS countries both online and offline to advance collective vaccine research and trials, set up plants, authorize production and recognize each other's standards, he added. Xi also proposed convening a BRICS symposium on traditional medicine to explore its role in coronavirus prevention and treatment. Acts of politicization, stigmatization, blame-shifting and scapegoating only serve to disrupt overall global cooperation against the virus, Xi said, urging unity and reason to stamp out the "political virus." Chinese President Xi Jinping attends the 12th BRICS summit via video link in Beijing, capital of China, Nov. 17, 2020. Xi delivered an important speech at the summit. (Xinhua/Ding Lin) OPENNESS, INNOVATION TO REVIVE ECONOMY To tackle the "pressing task" to stabilize the economy while controlling the pandemic, BRICS countries need to strengthen macroeconomic policy coordination, follow through on the initiative on facilitating the cross-border flow of people and goods, and keep industrial and supply chains safe and open to better enable the resumption of business activities and economic recovery, Xi said. "The practice of using the pandemic to pursue 'de-globalization' or clamor for 'economic decoupling' and 'parallel systems' will end up hurting one's own interests and the common interests of all," he warned. Xi stressed the need to stand firm for building an open world economy and reject abuse of the "national security" concept for protectionist purposes. Xi said China will work with other parties to flesh out the BRICS partnership on the new industrial revolution at a faster pace, citing upcoming measures including the launch of an innovation center in Xiamen, Fujian Province for such partnership. China will be more vigorous in integrating with the global market and will take greater initiative in deepening international cooperation. In so doing, China will create more opportunities and space for global recovery and growth, he added. Xi said the world can "count on China" to keep its promise of peaking carbon dioxide emissions by 2030 and achieving carbon neutrality by 2060. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Meng Bin, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 Trump's ousting of Pentagon chief sends shockwaves through … 3 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 4 U.S. losing support in international community over politic… 5 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos CIIE showcases cultural items from around the world Scenery of Meili Snow Mountains at sunrise in Yunnan Dajue Mountain Scenic Area, popular spot for fine art majors Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Related reading Xi sends congratulatory letter to Aung San Suu Kyi Xi's speech on 30th anniversary of Pudong's development, opening-up published Xi's speech charts course for Pudong's development, demonstrates commitment to reform, opening-up, experts say Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic Belt Xi's article on promoting law-based governance to be published Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online