Xi stresses carrying forward China's volunteers army's spirit in War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Tuesday, Oct 20, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Xi stresses carrying forward China's volunteers army's spirit in War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea ( Xinhua ) 08:17, October 20, 2020 Xi Jinping and other Communist Party of China and state leaders Li Keqiang, Li Zhanshu, Wang Yang, Wang Huning, Zhao Leji, Han Zheng and Wang Qishan visit an exhibition commemorating the 70th anniversary of the Chinese People's Volunteers (CPV) army entering the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) in the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea at the Military Museum of the Chinese People's Revolution in Beijing, capital of China, Oct. 19, 2020. (Xinhua/Ju Peng) BEIJING, Oct. 19 (Xinhua) -- Chinese President Xi Jinping on Monday stressed carrying forward the great spirit demonstrated by the Chinese People's Volunteers (CPV) army in the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea in the new era and striving to achieve national rejuvenation. Xi, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, made the remarks while visiting an exhibition commemorating the 70th anniversary of the CPV army entering the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) in the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea. Seventy years ago, the CPC and the Chinese government resolutely made the historic decision to fight the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea in order to safeguard peace and resist aggression, Xi stressed. Holding high the banner of justice, the heroic CPV soldiers gallantly fought side by side with the DPRK's people and army and won a great victory, making great contributions to world peace and human progress, he said. "The victory in the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea was a victory of justice, a victory of peace and a victory of the people," Xi said. Xi called the great spirit forged during the war a "precious spiritual wealth" that will inspire the Chinese people and the Chinese nation to overcome all difficulties and obstacles, and prevail over all enemies. Xi demanded in-depth study and publicity of the heroic deeds and revolutionary spirit of the CPV army to encourage the Party, the armed forces and people of all ethnic groups to unite more closely around the CPC Central Committee, keep their faith in ultimate victory, and boost their abilities of struggles. In doing so, Xi urged them to strive to build a moderately prosperous society in all respects, to secure the success of socialism with Chinese characteristics for a new era, to realize the Chinese Dream and the dream of building a powerful military, and to make more contributions to safeguarding world peace and promoting the building of a community with a shared future for humanity. Li Keqiang, Li Zhanshu, Wang Yang, Wang Huning, Zhao Leji, Han Zheng and Wang Qishan also visited the exhibition, which is held at the Military Museum of the Chinese People's Revolution in Beijing. The exhibition consists of seven parts, including a section on how the decision to send the army was made and a section on the significance and historical contributions of the victory. With more than 540 pictures, over 1,900 relics, a large number of videos and many recreated scenes, the exhibition features the important decision-making process, major events, key battles and historical figures in the war. The exhibition gives a comprehensive review of the glorious process of the CPC-led fight and the precious experience accumulated, with endeavors at the political, economic and diplomatic fronts also displayed. It demonstrates the heroic and fearless spirit of the CPV soldiers, the patriotism of the Chinese people and the firm determination of the Chinese nation to defy hegemony and safeguard peace. Xi and other Party and state leaders, drawn by the rich and innovative display of relics and archives, watched the exhibits with attention, listened carefully to the interpretation and made inquiries in detail. 【1】 【2】 【3】 【4】 (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Liang Jun, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 Xi stresses advancing development of quantum science and te… 2 U.S. diplomats’ lies damage the country’s reputation 3 Xi inspects southern China's Guangdong Province 4 Baidu's self-driving taxis start passenger services in Beij… 5 American "coercive diplomacy" makes a mess around the globe Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos Over 4 mln sampled for COVID-19 tests in east China city In pics: full moon seen across world Professional team maintain Shenzhen's nuclear power plant In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Rapid change of Shenzhen documented by correspondent with photos Farmers enjoy harvest in N China In historical feat, Tibet eliminates absolute poverty Autumn scenery in Ordos, Inner Mongolia Aerial view of Shenzhen, S China Drone light display held as part of Changchun Int'l UAV Industrial Expo Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online