Xi stresses building high-quality Sichuan-Tibet Railway - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Monday, Nov 9, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Xi stresses building high-quality Sichuan-Tibet Railway ( Xinhua ) 11:38, November 08, 2020 Aerial photo taken on March 11, 2019 shows a train running on the Chengdu-Ya'an railway in Ya'an City, southwest China's Sichuan Province. (Xinhua/Xue Yubin) BEIJING, Nov. 8 (Xinhua) -- Chinese President Xi Jinping has urged efforts to advance the construction of the Sichuan-Tibet Railway project with high quality. Xi, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, made the instruction ahead of the beginning of the construction of the Sichuan-Tibet Railway's Ya'an-Nyingchi section on Sunday. Xi identified the project as a major measure in facilitating the Party's general plan for governing Tibet in the new era, and stressed the project's important role in safeguarding national unity, promoting ethnic solidarity and consolidating stability in border areas. The project would significantly contribute to the economic and social development of the western region, especially in Sichuan Province and Tibet Autonomous Region, said Xi. Underlining the complex geological and climatic conditions, as well as fragile ecological environment along the project line, the president called for leveraging the Chinese socialist system's advantage of concentrating resources to get things done to accomplish this historic task, which is arduous but glorious. The construction should be carried out in a scientific, safe and eco-friendly way, Xi added. Workers are seen at a construction site on the Lhasa-Nyingchi section of the Sichuan-Tibet Railway in southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, Dec. 23, 2018. (Xinhua/Chogo) Premier Li Keqiang, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, also emphasized prioritizing the safety, reliability and quality of the project, and called for coordinated efforts in promoting construction, epidemic prevention and people's well-being. Joining a video conference streamed in three locations to mark the start of the Ya'an-Nyingchi section's construction, Vice Premier Liu He, also a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, conveyed Xi's instruction and announced the beginning of the project. With a designed speed from 120 to 200 km per hour, the 1,011-km section between Ya'an in Sichuan and NyingChi in Tibet is the third part of the Sichuan-Tibet Railway, which will be carried out by the China State Railway Group Co., Ltd. The project's Chengdu-Ya'an section became operational in December 2018, and the construction of the Lhasa-Nyingchi section started in June 2015. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Bianji, Hongyu) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 Uganda launches Chinese-constructed road linking Kenya0 2 China’s 14th Five-Year Plan a far-sighted approach focusing… 3 2020 “Chinese Characters and Me” Speech Contest for Interna… 4 Xi expounds on CPC proposals for China's new development pl… 5 A glance at drafting process of CPC proposals for China's n… Hot News Zhuang brocade: brothers continue a legacy while tackling poverty Chinese peacekeepers embarking on missions for world peace Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market China’s has consistent policy stance on developing China-U.S. relations We Recommend China to have over 600,000 5G base stations in 2020 Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost China’s investment in Belt and Road countries up 31.5 percent China establishes modernized grain storage system to ensure food security Photos In pics: Giant pandas at Hainan Tropical Wildlife Park and Botanical Garden Autumn scenery of desert poplar forest along Tarim River in Xinjiang Highlights of yoga competition at 6th Jiangxi province national fitness game Light show to be held on Nov. 5 to celebrate opening of 3rd CIIE Swans pictured at lake in Rongcheng, China's Shandong China launches new remote-sensing satellites Over 4 mln sampled for COVID-19 tests in east China city In pics: full moon seen across world Professional team maintain Shenzhen's nuclear power plant In pics: Yangchenghu Expressway Service Area during National Day holiday Related reading In pics: Sichuan-Tibet Railway seeing smooth progress Construction wraps up on tunnel for Sichuan-Tibet Railway Completion of tunnels in Tibet rail line within reach Work on transportation artery Sichuan-Tibet Railway making progress Future Sichuan-Tibet Railway could link Tibet with South Asian nations In pics: construction site on Lhasa-Nyingchi section of Sichuan-Tibet Railway in China's Tibet Sichuan-Tibet Railway climbs from Sichuan Basin to "Roof of the World" Workers speed up building Lhasa-Nyingchi segment of Sichuan-Tibet Railway Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online