Xi urges support for retirees in caring for next generations - People's Daily Online DD_belatedPNG.fix('div, ul, img, li, input , a , td , em,h1 ,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,em,i,p,'); Thursday, Nov 19, 2020 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korean German Portuguese Home Opinions Business Military World Society Culture Travel Science Sports Special Coverage Photo Video English &gt;&gt; Xi urges support for retirees in caring for next generations ( Xinhua ) 17:11, November 18, 2020 BEIJING, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- Chinese President Xi Jinping has urged efforts to support more retirees to care for the next generations and nurture new generations of young people who are well-prepared to join the socialist cause. Xi, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, made the remarks in an instruction for a national conference marking the 30th anniversary of the China working committee of care for the next generations held in Beijing Tuesday and Wednesday. Noting that youths are the future of a country and hope of a nation, Xi said the committee has rallied retirees, including retired officials, experts, teachers and role models as well as veterans, in promoting the healthy growth of young people since its founding 30 years ago, especially since the 18th CPC National Congress in 2012. He called retirees a treasure for the Party and the state and an important source of strength for enhancing the ideological and political education of youngsters. While urging Party committees and governments at all levels to intensify leadership in the work of caring for the next generations, Xi said they should support more retirees in the cause so as to make new and greater contributions to nurturing new generations of young people who are well-prepared to join the socialist cause. Huang Kunming, a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and head of the Publicity Department of the CPC Central Committee, conveyed Xi's instruction at the conference. Vice Premier Sun Chunlan, also a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, called on retirees and the working committees of care for future generations at all levels to implement Xi's instruction and give play to retirees' advantages to carry out the education on revolutionary tradition and ensure the growth of youths in an all-around way. A total of 593 units and 1,907 individuals were commended at the conference for work in this regard. The conference was attended by more than 300 people. 【1】 【2】 (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook ) (Web editor: Wen Ying, Liang Jun) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Xi urges support for retirees in caring for next generations BRICS must keep right direction amid "strong wind, high tides": Xi Xi's speech on 30th anniversary of Pudong's development, opening-up published Xi's speech charts course for Pudong's development, demonstrates commitment to reform, opening-up, experts say China's elderly people better taken care of We Recommend Night market helps boost local economy in small town of Zhejiang Scenery of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China In pics: Intelligent Industry and Information Technology exhibition area at CIIE All-Russian competition of ballet dancers and choreographers held in Moscow Significant number of companies participate for three consecutive years in CIIE Global food, agricultural product companies make CIIE more appetizing 22nd China Hi-Tech Fair held in Shenzhen Aerial view of Yongjiang River in Nanning, Guangxi In pics: Consumer Goods exhibition area at 3rd CIIE Most Read 1 China speeds up construction of space-ground integrated qua… 2 The US is a thief crying "Stop thief!” and poses military t… 3 Double Eleven shopping festival brings in new features to o… 4 Xi urges high-quality development of Yangtze River Economic… 5 China's latest unmanned combat systems to enter service, ai… Top 10 Top 10 Chinese regions by real estate investment Top 10 cities where China's 'rich families' live Top 10 cultural events from 2019 Top 10 Chinese buzzwords of 2019 Popular on Global Times No interference in Venezuelan issues Biz prepares for trade spat Broadcasting Continent Australia wins Chinese CEOs as US loses Hot News Women of Yi ethnic group in SW China embrace better life by making embroideries Beijing to complete construction of 10 venues for 2022 Winter Olympic Games by year end China puts lives above everything amid COVID-19, saves lives at all cost Love story of Zhang Dingyu, medical expert awarded national honorary title “the People’s Hero” SW China’s Yunnan province develops street market into wind vane of domestic flower market U.S. politicians trying to overturn current rule system doomed to fail Key Words Xi Jinping Belt and Road G20 South China Sea AIIB Links: People’s Daily App Beijing Today CRI English SINA English Global Times Chinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show China China Human Rights China Xinjiang Tibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi Journal Women of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online